tea bags and water bottles sit on a counter next to a sink
an old man checking his cell phone by a building 
A simple bathroom with black and orange towels.
A kitchen with a wooden center island under two lights.
A large, spacious kitchen with an island in the middle.
A center island sitting in the middle of a kitchen.
A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under two mirrors.
A kitchen with a large center island next to a stove top oven.
Two people riding horses in the dark on the street.
A white bathroom sink sitting next to a tub.
A man holding a cell phone near a window.
A white bath tub sitting under a window in a bathroom.
A kitchen with stove, refrigerator, and sink in it.
A washroom with a toilet and a glass door. 
A parking lot that has a large abundance of motorcycles and bicycles parked in it.
A woman takes a picture of her self in the bathroom mirror.
A small toilet with a toilet and washbasin.
A toilet, window and a shower in a small bathroom.
Two ladies are ready and smiling with space glasses on their foreheads.
A young man in a bathroom takes a picture of himself in the mirror.
Some very cute girls standing by a water slide with a board.
A cat curled up and hiding under a gray object.
A very cute small kid standing by a very nice bed.
A very nice looking dining table by a bright window.
A very oddly decorated small rest room with a picture.
A young boy standing in front of his car shaped bed. 
A very nice looking rest room with a big mirror.
A person laying on the floor in a bathroom next to the toilet. 
An open refrigerator with soda, salad dressings, juice and relish located on the shelves on the door. 
A man taking a picture of himself in the mirror in the bathroom. 
Two men wearing black working in a kitchen. 
Family with man and two children sitting at dining room table.
A bathroom with two toilets, a counter, a tub and several lights in it. 
A very cute rest room with a tub with a shower curtain around it.
Man on bike following green vehicle on road
Bathroom done in all white decor with tub unattached from wall
Vase with flowers sit between two sinks in the bathroom
a powder blue bathroom with a white toilet and tile floor 
Two woman standing together and one of them is holding a surfboard. 
an asian family standing in a kitchen cooking a meal
A kitchen with green colored cabinets on both sides and a man and woman on each side of the kitchen.
A man and a woman walking arm and arm while he holds a cell phone. 
a person standing in a bathroom with a sink and a mirror
a mom making sandwiches with her two daughters in the kitchen
Batter takes a hard swing of the bat during the baseball game.
A person in a very big room taking a photo in a mirror.
a small bathroom with just a toilet and sink 
Group of girls are placing cut vegetables on a slice of bread
Wooden table set up with vintage kitchen tools placed around it
Army woman holding camera above her head in kitchen
A very nice looking blender filled with some stuff.
Some players in action on the baseball field.
A man stands in front of a Jamaican food truck in a city.
Two men with aprons on standing at a counter. 
A woman checks her phone while holding her hat sitting on a bench, with a bicycle in front of her and a hedge behind her.
A man leaning on a counter in front of a cake with candles on it. 
A man standing on the sidewalk looking at something.
A kitchen center island sitting below a candle lit chandelier.
a person with a bookbag looking in a refrigerator
A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
An open laptop sitting next to a stove.
A mother preparing sandwiches for her two daughters.
A big bright yellow colored building with big windows.
Player swinging at ball with catcher holding glove out
a bath room with a toilet and a sink
A kitchen with a counter, stools, a table and cabinets. 
Man and woman on motorbike, man driving and woman sitting in side cart
A bathroom with a toilet, scatter rug, and extra toilet paper.
a large bathroom with a big tub and toilet in it
A kitchen with dark cabinets and an island with a bowl of fruit on it.
a tray in a corner of a room with buckets 
A man stares at a cake with candles
A person taking a photograph in a mirror beside a large white spa.
Bicycle sitting on bike rack on back of car
A white bathroom sink is in an unfinished home's bathroom. 
a man riding a bike and walking a dog on a leash
a kitchen with a sink a coffee maker and a microwave
a bath room with a bath tub and a toilet 
A counter top with unripe bananas and baking items.
Bathroom that has toilet sitting in the bathtub
a number of people riding bikes shaped like horses 
a person riding a motorcycle on a city street
A nice bathroom, with the tub and shower area separated from the rest of the bathroom by a glass wall.
A surfer wearing a wetsuit, surfing on a sunny day.
a bath room with a bath tub a sink and a towel
A bathroom with two doors and both of them are ajar.
a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and windows
A toilet with cleaning products on the tank
View of kitchen from another room that contains a table
A couple towels that are over a toilet.
Several people dressed up in costumes ride bicycles on the street.
a small bathroom with a shower and a sink
Sink set in corner by microwave and small refrigerator 
A man leaning on a table looking at a cake with candles.
A kitchen that has a bunch of items in it.
a sink that is attached to a wood wall
a couple of cars that are parked in the middle of the street
A kitchen in the middle of a renovation with appliances pulled from the walls.
a bath room with a bath tub a sink and a vase 
A group of three woman sitting on a beach with a dog laying in front of them.
a close up of a stop sign and a street sign above
a bath room with a shower a sink and a mirror
A typical bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
a kitchen with a stove a refrigerator and a microwave
a person riding a bike with a passanger seat 
Cream colored bathroom with crow foot bath, toilet and sink.
A laptop computer beside a kitchen stove that is displaying YouTube.
A boy in camoflague pants is laying beside a toilet in a bathroom.
Old picture of woman cooking together in the kitchen.
An empty house with appliances out of place.
A row of colorful bikes parked next to each other.
Cat resting comfortably on the dashboard of  car.
A very small oven, sink, and refrigerator in a room.
A small kitchen with a sink, coffee maker and a stove.
A sink sitting next to a toilet in a bathroom.
Some very nice looking lights in a very dimly lit room.
Some people in a very big nice looking room.
The woman in uniform is filming herself in the kitchen.
A kitchen with hard wood floors and a stove top oven.
A corner of a rest room with a very narrow shower.
A wide road seen at night lighting is seen.
The woman in the kitchen are busy preparing a meal together.
Girls at a store front in the evening 
The kitchen counter top is clean ready for us to use.
A white toilet sitting in side of a bathroom stall.
A very nice counter with some food items on it.
Ingredients and measuring cups on a kitchen counter 
a big group of people that are standing around in a kitchen
A shot of a counter in a kitchen, it has a coffee pot.
a dark room with some kind of vegetables in the window
A basket with limes, oranges, a lemon and an onion in it. 
The tiny kitchen has a small refrigerator and a microwave.
Man running along shore with MP3 on arm
Several men working together to cook fish in a cabin
a bathroom with a sink and a bathtub
A light that is on between two mirrors.
A bathroom with its clutter sink counter is displayed. 
A red stop sign that is under two green street signs.
Many ingredients for cooking lay on a counter. 
Woman walking down street from cafe with bus moving on street
A bathroom that has a picture over the toilet. 
The bathroom wall has a towel ring near the sink.
a large kitchen with a stove and some chairs
A toaster that is sitting next to a microwave.
a laptop computer is turned on by a stove
A bathtub that is sitting in a bathroom.
A kitchen with the appliances pulled out from the wall 
a small bathroom with a sink and basket
A bunch of lights that are in the street.
a bath room with a sink and a mirror 
a kitchen table covered with assorted items on it 
A kitchen island that is underneath a hanging light.
a bathroom with a sink and a mirror
An antique wash table with pitcher and bowl 
a bowl full of fruit and an onion are set out
A bathroom with a tub and two sinks.
a  big bathroom with a big tub and a toilet
The small kitchen has a dining table, a stove, and a counter with many pots and pans underneath.
Colorful bathroom with modern amenities as seen during daytime.
A kitchen has two lights in the middle that are turned on. 
Several people who are serving food in a kitchen.
The man and woman are talking in the kitchen.
Two young women in snow goggles and ski jackets smile with their snowboards. 
a bicycle with a little car seat parked next to another bike 
a bathroom with a bathtub and a mirror
a person laying on the floor while working on the back of a toilet 
A sink and bathtub are in a small room.
The small kitchen has a bar across from the stove.
a man swinging a bag as people watch him 
A cat lays down on the dash of a car. 
a dog laying on a beach next to some women
The woman is grilling food outside on a grill.
Person riding down the street on a motor bike.
a couple people that are walking across the road
A bathroom with a white toilet next to a white tub.
a man that is walking across a concrete pad
a bathroom that has a bathtub and a toilet in it
A bathroom with the tub in front of the window.
The laptop is next to the burners of a stove.
A kitchen that has a refrigerator with white cabinets, and drawers.
A woman walking down a street as a red bus approaches.
Woman taking pictures of a bathroom that's under construction.
A white bath tub sitting next to a toilet.
Two people ride on a bicycle with an open umbrella.
A photographer holding a camera is looking in a mirror.
A street that has several different types of vehicles on it.
Computer open to you tube sitting next to burners
A metal sink sitting inside of a kitchen.
a couple of women that are standing next to some food
There is a toilet and a bathtub in a bathroom.
There is a sink by the window of a small kitchen.
A sink that is a wash basin with a pot underneath.
A young woman sitting next to a kitchen counter top.
a yellow house that has some bikes leaning on it
A man cooking food on top of a hot plate.
A bathroom sink with person care items on it.
A pink bathroom features a large low white ceramic tub. 
A white sink next to a trash can in a dilapidated building.
A man preparing food while standing in a kitchen.
The appliances are pulled out from their spot in the kitchen.
The kitchen area is clean and ready to use.
The kitchen counter is clean and ready to use.
A black refrigerator freezer inside of a kitchen.
a kitchen with white tile and an island
A guy holding up a long item by a very cute girl.
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A close up view of some stuff sitting on a sink.
A pan sitting on top of a stove top under a wooden spoon.
a fridge is open with food on the shelves
a small kitchen with wood cabinets and counters
a wood table covered with vases and pots
A man plays an upright bass in a kitchen.
A bathroom with toilet, sink, shelf, and towel ring.
a small kitchen with a bed next to it
A group of men standing around parked motorcycles.
A public bathroom with sink and toilet 
Some people outside a road side business at night.
A bathroom with a small window showing toilet and shower 
A white bath tub sitting next to a toilet.
A storefront with a bicycle and motorized scooter parked out front 
A man and woman smile as she holds his arm while crossing a street.
a man is taking his own picture in a bathroom
a group of women are on a beach with a dog
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet
A group of sweet treats sitting on top of a white plate.
Bright street light shining down on the street.
The large kitchen table and cabinets are made of wood.
A glass of wine sitting on the edge of a table 
Some people on a bike with a very pretty umbrella.
A refrigerator door open showing the contents in the door 
The man is jogging close to a bicyclist.
A kitchen being remodeled with a few appliances.
a large kitchen with stainless steel appliances and marble counter tops
A city street filled with cars and a bus.
Men stand around in a kitchen watching another man filet a fish
an old fashioned green and white bathroom with toilet, sink and tub
some women are sitting together on a beach
A bowl of citrus fruit an apple,and an onion in a bowl
A kitchen counter with coffee maker, bread maker and a candy dish visible.
A bathroom with a toilet, tub and two windows.
Two men and two women make breakfast plates in a kitchen.
A street filled with people and vehicles near a town.
A large kitchen with a large center island.
a glass walled shower in a white bathroom
A man barbecues outside on a chill day
a white breakfast bar in a large home kitchen
A glass of red wine on the corner of a table.
The interior of a motor home with a sink and bunked bed.
A bathroom with metal trash can urinals and a dummy in a skirt inside of it.
There is a glass of wine sitting on the table.
Vegetables line the shelves in a room where they are prepared.
A kitchen with stainless steel stove and a kitchen table and chairs.
white cabinets in a clean home kitchen area
A cat laying on clothes in the sink. 
A shirtless man running on a paved walkway next to the beach.
A bathroom with double sinks and a bathtub 
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a blue jacket.
A laptop computer sitting next to cooking utensils.
A glass of rose wine on the corner of a table
A man riding a bike past another man without a shirt.
There are many types of vegetables on the shelves.
A bowl of hot sauce on top of a table.
A bathroom with a white toilet next to a shower.
A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A man running with sunglasses on swimming trunks on. 
a woman is walking near a red bus coming down the road
A statue of a bunny face on a woman's body on a bicycle. 
a couple of women are standing in a pool
A bathroom with wooden walls and a white sink.
Two green streets signs above an old stop sign.
A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.
A man and woman looking in a small refrigerator.
A bathroom with sink, toilet and claw foot tub 
A small tiled bathroom with shower and sink.
a white tub in a large home bathroom
A kitchen with a large stainless steel refrigerator.
A large kitchen with a large island in the middle 
A woman riding on a bicycle on the sidewalk with an open umbrella. 
A little girl standing in front of a sandwich on a plate.
View of modern kitchen area with appliances and cabinets.
A kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, sink, spice rack and cabinets. 
A bathroom showing tub, sink, and toilet 
People hanging out in a kitchen eating and drinking 
A bunch of kitchen appliances are on the kitchen counter. 
Two men stand in a kitchen with wooden cabinets.
A person is cooking something on the stove. 
A bathroom with a toilet, tub and a bucket in the tub. 
a kitchen filled with appliances like a toaster and a microwave 
The dining table is in the middle of the large kitchen.
A white toilet sitting next to a sink.
There is a red motorcycle parked on the street.
A bathroom with brown tiles, a sink, toilet, and bathtub. 
A bathroom with a black and white tiled floor.
Adult on scooter or roadway passing stairs and parking area.
An older man uses a cell phone outside of a window.
Modern bathroom with white sink counter and green back splash.
Adult riding breaking wave in open ocean on clear day.
A bathroom with a white sink under a  mirror.
A cat that has made a bed in the bathroom sink with towels
a man is walking with a horse outside
a bar of soap on a  white sink in a bathroom
A sink with different hygiene products on it.
a toilet with some walls and bars on each side of it 
A man leaning over a sink with knife covered in brain matter.
A view of a large kitchen with marble counters and dark wood cabinets.
A bathroom mirror, sink, and light are next to a curtain
A man riding a bicycle away from an intersection in a city.
Cars streaking by on city roadway as seen at night.
some men are standing outside with their motorcycles
A bathtub and a toilet are in the bathroom with a striped rug
Modern well lit bathroom in residential home under construction.
some people standing by the corner of the street 
a cat is laying in a bathroom sink
A picture of motorcyclists is taken from up high
a bunch of soaps and stuff on a bathroom sink
A man leans on a table looking at a chocolate cake with candles on it. 
A man in a baseball uniform and hat on the grass with a mitt on. 
a cat is sleeping on a car dash board
a woman is walking down the sidewalk outside
A man holds the reins of a horse while walking through an empty area with apartment buildings in the distance.
a bathroom with a green trim and a big mirror above the sink 
This man was given a homemade chocolate cake for his birthday
A black cat rolls in the sink ready for a bath
A SMALL BATHROOM WITH LIGHT TILE FLOORS ON THE GROUND
The man led the horse on a rope.
A MODERN DAY BATHROOM WITH A LARGE MIRROR
A PERSO RIDING A WAVE IN THE OCEAN ON A SURF BOARD 
a group of people are preparing food in a kitchen
A red motorcycle built for travel and comfort is parked on the roadside.
a bike parked on the outside of a buiding
A bowl of sauce on a counter with other bowls of chopped ingredients.
a desk with a laptop next to a cutting board 
a batroom with black walls and a big tub 
a bath room with a toilet and a sink
a cat laying on a car dashboard under the windshield 
a bathroom with pink tiled walls and a little mirror
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used.
a person on the ground working on the back of a toilet 
a person reading a book and cooking food on a stove
a person holding a wake board near some water 
A bowl full of different kinds of fruits and an onion
A large kitchen with stainless steal appliances and wooden cabinets.
Someone is eating while doing work on the laptop
The bathroom has a toilet and a sink in it.
a bath room with a toilet and a bath tub 
A knife and spatula on a cutting board next to an open laptop.
a couple of bikes are parked on a sidewalk
A woman walking down a street as a bus approaches. 
The kitchen is clean and ready to be cooked in
The stop sigh is for Springs road. 
a kitchen with a table and chairs with a stove
a a baseball player with a glove on the field
There is a man standing next to the counter in the kitchen.
The interior of a small bathroom with toilet
a tub and toilet in a small bathroom
a bathroom with a sink, mirror and a shelf
Interior of bathroom with shower curtain and toiletries
There is a bathroom with an old bathtub and toilet.
a bathroom with graffiti on the wall and a window
A COUNTRY STYLE KITCHEN WITH MARBLE TOP ISLAND AND A WOOD TABLE 
a number of different vegtables in a kitchen near one another 
The bowl has apples, limes, lemon and onion in it. 
A ELEGANT ALL WHITE KITCHEN WITH WOO FLOORING AND CHANDELIER 
The bathroom has a sink and mirror in it. 
A group of people gather on a sidewalk beside a police car.
A bright red bicycle parked on the road.
unable to see this image in this particular hit
a wooden and white bathroom surrounded by windows
A bunch of fresh vegetables in a bin.
A kitchen table that has a vase on it.
A man that is on a motorcycle with a black helmet.
A train compartment is full of bikes lined against the wall.
A small half bathroom with sink and toilet.
a man is standing in a public bathroom with pictures on the walls
A table, stove and refrigerator in a kitchen.
a bathroom with a sink and toilet in it 
a person on a surf board riding the waves
a woman is working over a pot of food on an oven
a person holding a orange over a cup
a bathroom with a cat walking across the sink 
A plate has five desserts in individual wrappers sitting on it.
A small piece of several desserts on a plate.
a dark room with a small lamp inside of it 
Sink with soap pump, toothbrush holder, empty toilet paper roll, soap
The young an is carrying his surfboard on the beach.
a man on a blue motorcycle riding down the street
A man takes a picture of himself in the bathroom mirror.
A man leading a horse around the town.
A bathroom tiled and decorated in mostly white.
A woman looking at an open book away from the stove.
a man and woman in a cluttered kitchen.
A small bathroom with a pedestal sink an orange printed shower curtain.
a black seat on a toilet in a bathroom
two men standing on holding a bike next to a bunch of bikes
A red motorcycle parked near a curb with a man standing behind.
A bare looking kitchen with sink, microwave, oven, and refrigerator.
A guy in a black jacket walking away from a black motorcycle.
A soldier holds a camera to record something in a kitchen.
The friends are standing around their motor bikes.
Motorcycle parked on road with man standing nearby
a lot of stuff is on top of a kitchen counter
Two people bending over looking in a small refrigerator. 
A kitchen with a tables that has various items on it.
A corner tub, shiny tile floor, in white bathroom.
A bathroom that has an adjustable shower head.
A kitchen that has tile floor and wooden cabinets. 
A street that has cars going through an intersection.
The small bathroom has lights above the sink mirror.
People stand talking around a brick kitchen island.
The statue of a cat riding a bike is on the sidewalk
Small sink area with mirror in tiled bathroom.
The old man is outside using his phone
a woman is leaning and reaching into a fridge
a couple of chairs in front of a kitchen counter
The treats are prepared and ready to be eaten
Household bathroom with racks and cleaning supplies on hand.
A person looking at a book and stirring a pot on the stove
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
A man in shorts is caring a large blue surfboard.
a car is parked next to a curb with its brake lights on
a small sink and mirror in a bathroom
The people are stopping to get something to eat
Three girls standing on the sidewalk near a small business.
Modern kitchen with appliances in small area of residence.
a down view of the inside of a white toilet
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
The man is walking along the beach while carrying a surfboard.
A residential bath room painted pale blue 
some people standing around in the kitchen 
The car was  stopped by the red light
Two women snowboarders smiling and holding their boards.
a black fridge in a clean home kitchen
The baseball player is running for the ball
The interior of a bathroom with large mirror and fixtures
a woman is riding a bike with an umbrella
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
Mobile phone displayed on wooden table with literature.
A man with glasses looking down at his cellular device.
People in costumes, riding their bikes down the street.
The cell phone is placed on a wooden table.
Motorcyclists walking away from parked motorcycle by store
A cutting board, knife, and spoon next to a laptop.
a motorcycle is parked out by a shop
A bathroom someone has decorated with a wooden motif.
A lady wearing camouflage has a video camera in her hand.
The refrigerator, stove and microwave are on the same side of the kitchen.
a coffee maker is sitting on a marble counter top
Kitchen food workers preparing items at large metal table.
Assorted desert items displayed in small paper squares in white plate.
dirty dishes on the counter and on the stove
several motorcycles parked in an alley between two buildings
A guy with a cap holding a blue surfboard.
A person walking alone on a beach near a pier.
a cat sitting next to a round container in a yellow room
Motorcyclists riding in separate lane from regular city traffic.
Chopped ingredients in little bowls lined up on a kitchen counter
A wooden framed mirror and shelf above a bathroom sink
A kitchen with  standard appliances and wooden cabinets.
A car that is sitting at a red light.
A kitchen island that has a light above it.
A cat sitting on a counter in a room.
A kitchen with a refrigerator, coffee maker and counter. 
There is a bathroom with a sink, tub and shower curtain.
A futuristic picture of people standing in a room women in short outfits, man in white jacket, and some silver looking rims or baskets.
A cameraman videos a player from inside of the scoreboard.
The city is busy during this time of day.
A man stands preparing a meal at the kitchen counter.
A deep bath in a bathroom with louvered shuttered windows 
A bunch of cars that are in the street.
A toilet that is next to a bathtub in a bathroom.
Looking down at a woman in a kitchen consulting a cookbook
A bunch of people that are near motorcycles.
A bathroom that has white tile floors and walls with a large mirror over a dual sink and a bathtub and toilet on the other side.
Someone holding a lemon over a strainer while plucking out the seeds.
A cat walking on a bathroom counter near the sink.
Getting ready to bake something with flour, bananas, vanilla, and assorted baking utensils.
a flip phone is sitting on a wood table
A man on a motorcycle driving in  heavy traffic.
A bottle of air fresher is on the back of a toilet.
The traffic signal is green on a busy four lane street.
Three helmeted motorcyclists are standing near their bikes.
a man and a woman are looking at a phone
The street sign is clearly visible for all to see.
refrigerator table and chairs a light and cabinets
A bike parked next to a large building.
Modern tiled kitchen with appliances and wood cabinets.
A bathroom mirror over a sink shows a tub and toilet.
A person standing in a room with some dishes.
A large white bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.
Modern kitchen with large counter area and seating in home.
A man holds a knife close to his face while leaning over a sink. 
A black cell phone on a wood table.
There is a bathroom with white tile floors.
A couple of people are looking in a small refrigerator.
Adult working on removing seeds from fruit being prepared in kitchen.
Cat standing on sink edge in decorated residential bathroom.
There is a bathroom with blue walks and a white sink.
A person standing by a bottle on a counter.
Commode in earth toned bathroom area of residence.
A man walking in the sand with a surfboard.
A group of people in a room with some food.
A microwave and a bowl of food on a counter.
Modern professional cook's kitchen features ample shelf space and two range tops and ovens.
A mirror and a window in a room.
This kitchen is clean and organized, and has papers taped on the freezer door. 
A biker in a jacket and helmet rushes through traffic.
A white sink and a shower in a room.
A kitchen with a laptop computer on one of it's counters.
A woman that is sitting on a bike.
A man who is sitting down reading something.
A couple of small children sitting in front of a laptop computer.
some chairs a refrigerator a microwave and a sink
A wooden framed mirror that is above a sink.
A surfer is shown walking up the beach with a pier in the background.
a toilet with out a toilet seat and a shelf
Several people in a kitchen with hair nets and gloves on.
A marble counter top that is in a kitchen.
A bathroom is pictured with white tile floors.
A toilet seat that near a toilet paper roll.
A group of people that are on motorcycles in the street.
A coffee maker sitting on top of a counter next to a candy jar.
Large kitchen area with lots of cabinets and refrigerator.
The owner of this bathroom keeps a Wired Magazine handy.
A room filled with lots of misplaced clutter.
A man is standing in front of a display.
A white bathroom sink sitting next to a tub.
a male in a white jacket and some mannequins
A group of women who are around a counter.
A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and drawers.
A kitchen with lots of wooden cabinets and counter tops.
A young boy standing next to a bike near a body of water.
A small dirty kitchen with open cabinet doors. 
A sink that has a mirror over it.
Artwork on sidewalk outside city building showing female caricature rider.
a mirror a sink shower curtains lights and white tiles
A kitchen that has a stainless steel refrigerator.
a white stove a sink a cabinet and black counter
The woman is stirring whats in the pan with a wooden spoon.
A kitchen that has stainless steel appliances in it.
This an empty, master bathroom of a vacant house. 
An image of a young woman and a man are in bathroom mirror. 
A woman who is leaning on a kitchen counter.
The man is sitting on a bench next to a bicycle. 
a kitchen with a black table and chairs and a white fridge
A woman that is laying down on a bench.
an open refrigerator door and some bottles and a bag
A bathroom with a wooden frame around the mirror
This kitchen is very large with a lot of cupboard and cabinet space. 
a wood panel bath tub in a bathroom
a fake person is sitting on a bicycle
a purple bathroom with a sink toilet mirror and window
a person in a long coat and an umbrella 
a couple of black topped sinks in a bathroom
A man with glasses standing at a train station
A man is holding a skateboad and a pepsi.
a girl is riding a bike and a girl is walking 
A bathroom in a home still under construction
A few chefs hard at work in a restaurant kitchen
white cabinets a sink stove refrigerator and a window
A white sink sitting next to a bath tub in a bathroom.
a girl posing on steps holding an umbrella
People cooking food on a long wooden table.
A girl with an umbrella standing next to stairs.
A kitchen is neat and has pictures on the fridge.
A laptop sits in a small, clean kitchen. 
A Wired magazine placed above a toilet in a small bathroom.
a skateboarder in a red shirt and another in camelflage clothes
A kitchen is small and cluttered with plants. 
a toilet a phone a counter and a shelf
a brown black and white dog and a cone collar
a child on the sand and a boat and some water
Bicycle rider takes a break at a storefront window.
A kitchen is filled with appliances and plants.
A kitchen with range and white refrigerator behind a black dining table.
A child and a man in fatigues standing with skateboards.
A woman standing on top of some steps.
A large public bathroom with wood covering on the walls
a break room that is empty with just coffee maker and fridge 
People sitting at a bench in a park split by a road
a toilet view with nothing inside of it in a small space 
a white kitchen cluttered with plants everywhere and pots on the freezer
A man standing behind a counter preparing food.
some brown cabinets and a white oven in a kitchen
a man in motor cycle gear walking toward a clothing store
a renovated kitchen and a wood floor and steel fridge 
a man is wearing a hat next to a bike
a white toilet and sink in a home bathroom
a man in blue is riding on a motorcycle
a ladder and a toilet in a white bathroom 
The shirtless surfboard rider is walking on the sandy beach.
Motorcyclists riding down the street with partition and cars on the other side.
a spoon is in a bowl of red liquid
Two older men are sitting on the bench bordering the street.
Woman riding a bike on a street with parked cars.
A photo of the past where two men walk down a road
A group of people standing in a  field flying a kite.
Two people flying a kite above pine trees.
A group of young lades standing around a table.
a man in a top hat is standing in a crowd
A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
a hydrant is sitting outside in the dirt
a large bathroom with a lot going on
a toaster oven some brown cabinets and a sink
A man cuts things in a sink with cigarettes. 
some cabinets a table a sink and a microwave
There is a magazine laying open on the counter.
A bright kitchen with yellow walls and cabinets. 
some people are on the grass playing frisbee
a lady that is on her bike going down the road
a big kitchen that has a lot of open space
Five cooks in hairnets work in a restaurant kitchen.
Somebody wrote graffiti on the wall of this bathroom. 
A road with traffic in line and street lights and traffic lights.
a busy road with some motorcycle's and some cars
a bathroom with some beige walls and a brown cabinet
A kitchen with a refrigerator freezer sitting next to a  counter.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
a man that is standing up in a kitchen with some cups
a person that is next to a bike on a fence
Two people standing at a counter holding a knife in their hands cutting a cake.
A man leaning over a sink with a liquid running down his face.
The mature man seems to be reading something.
A couple of men riding horses on top of a green field.
We are looking at an old picture of a ribbon cutting ceremony.
A man walking down the beach carrying a surf board. 
An electric tooth brush sitting on top of a wooden table.
A woman leaning over a table with a glass of wine.
A laptop on the counter in a kitchen. 
A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
a woman and two children are making food 
A bathroom with sink, mirror, and shower in it.
a silver bicycle with wooden basket cars snow and buildings
A man sits on the ledge of an enclosure reading. 
A kitchen with cabinets, dishwasher, and sink in it.
A kitchen with a wooden table sitting next to a counter top.
two horses and their riders on some grass
A kitchen sink in a hotel room. 
An empty bathroom with a closed door, walk in shower, sink, and toilet.
a couple of people that are on some skateboards
a silver refrigerator a stove a microwave and a male making food
two people on a motorcycle a man with baskets on a push cart
Everything in the small bathroom, the toilet, sink, walls and towels are all beige and brown.
A wooden table sitting in the middle of a kitchen.
A woman posing near  the stairs with her umbrella.
A woman standing behind a stove top inside of a store.
A white toilet inside of a bathroom stall with not seat.
A man riding a bike down a street next to traffic.
A couple of people standing in a show covered field flying kites.
A cat laying across the dashboard of a car.
A woman riding a bike down a street with a pink umbrella.
A woman sanding in a  kitchen in front of an oven.
A group of chefs preparing food inside of a kitchen.
A bathroom with a toilet next to a urinal and a sink.
A woman sitting on top of a bench on a boat.
A female soldier is in a kitchen with a camera. 
A kitchen counter with wine bottles, fruit, and plates sitting on it.
An alleyway that has a bike and a scooter parked in it.
A small and crowded residential bathroom with a crooked toilet.
A wall with a lot of writing on it.
A crowded kitchen counter top in the midst of food preparation.
A number of scooters and bicycles parked in an alley.
There is a family cooking dinner together. 
A small white kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white refrigerator.
A male pedestrian on a sidewalk as traffic passes by.
A group of people engaged in meal preparation in a large white room.
A woman is drinking out of a cup and looking at her cell phone. 
Dozens of bike sitting in car on both sides of two men.
A very tall clock tower towering over a city.
A bathroom with a sink, tolet and bathtub in it.
A Siamese cat laying on top of a chair.
View of toilet next to sink with huge mirror above it
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A kitchen with a metal stove top oven.
The chef giving another restaurant a taste of the sauce
A group of men standing around each other in a room.
Man sliding down the hill on his snowboard
A stove top sitting inside of a kitchen under cooking utensils mounted on a wall above it.
A few birds walking along an alley way.
A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.
A large clock sitting above a fire place in a living room.
A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench on top of a green field.
A brown dog standing in a kitchen on top of tiles.
A man sitting on a beach in front of the ocean.
A couple of women riding bikes along a sandy beach.
Guy pokes through the wall recording the baseball game as a outfielder goes for the ball.
Chefs in a large industrial kitchen preparing food.
Stool chair positioned in front of the laptop on the kitchen counter
A silver bicycle on a stone walk in the snow.
A large bathroom with a white tub next to two toilets.
A bike is parked on a sidewalk next to a street. 
A plastic cat girl rides a plastic bike
A toilet with a wooden seat sitting up against a wall.
An old photo of a ribbon cutting at an event. 
This is a picture of a guy staring at a lake.
A man holding a knife and leaning over a dirty sink.
A picture of the inside of a bathroom.
There is a person getting ready to juice an orange.
There is cat standing on a sink looking at the faucet.
The inside of bathroom with views of the bath tub and vanity.
A bathroom decorated in wood decor with a step up tub. 
A woman reading a book on a park bench. 
A very posh washroom with toilet washbasin and other utility things.
A man in army fatigues and a young boy taking a break from skateboarding. 
A woman stands at a stove stirring ingredients in a skillet on a back burner.
A small bare kitchen doesn't look lived in.
A black refrigerator at the end of an L-shaped counter topped with a microwave, coffeemaker and stainless steel sink.
A small kitchen has some plants by the door.
A bathroom sink has a lot of toiletries on it.
A wooden table with cooking utensils sitting on it.
A smirking man in a striped shirt holds his hands outstretched, a different coffee cup in each.
A woman is reading while sitting on a park bench.
A bike with a  wooden basket sitting on top of a brick road.
A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food under two lights.
Kitchen counter cluttered with stuff next to the oven.
A subway train sitting next to a platform next to a man.
A group of bikers riding down a highway.
A couple riding a motorcycle past a man with a basket cart.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and cupboards and wood framed windows..
A tabby cat sitting next to a small round wicker box.
A couple stands around on their phones as they get something to drink
A person sitting on a bench looking at a book.
A young man is walking with a blue surfboard.
A bathroom with a large white tub next to a window.
A woman standing in front of a white sink.
The two men are sitting on the bench near the park.
A young man is doing a skateboard trick.
a lady that is leaning on a table
a black and white checkered floor in a bathroom
We are looking at an old photo of a rundown street.
A bathroom has a black and white checkered floor.
There is a laptop open on the counter in the kitchen.
A counter area with a stove, plates and a rack for utensils.
Two black birds on alley between buildings and bicycles.
Some cooks are in an industrial kitchen setting.
A raised platform with draped columns supports a stand, featuring a bowl with a burning candle standing before a picture of a woman.
a shirtless guy looking at his cell phone
a guy holding his phone and a lady looking at her phone
Two people on a train car full of bicycles.
a large bathroom with a sink and a big tub
We are looking at a view of a modern kitchen.
a man that i standing up by some pots and pans
a bathroom that has  a sink and a toilet 
A city street lined with buildings and street lights.
an overhead view of a toilet with no seat
a bathroom with a large sink in it
A bathroom has an above ground enclosed bathtub.
A bathroom area with writing on the wall and a mirror.
A red table topped with four white place mats.
A kitchen has red hanging pots and pans.
a small bathroom that has a sink and a toilet
People are sitting around a table with donuts.
a road that has a few people on bikes
A kitchen area with stove, oven and a white refrigerator.
A plain bathroom has a white toilet and bathtub.
People are standing around a brick island in a kitchen.
a bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub. 
A man holding a lemon of a metal container with a strainer.
A cat standing on top of a bathroom sink. 
A very cute dog with a big round item on its neck.
A large yellow thing floating in the ocean by shore.
A very messy and cluttered kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and stove. 
a couple of people that are sitting on a bench
A very neat looking kitchen with a small stove.
Entrance to bathroom with shower, bathtub, sink with vanity, and white toilet commode.
A very dimly lit kitchen with a nice stove.
A very nice looking rustic style kitchen with wooden walls.
A cook and waiter are talking in a restaurant. 
a bathroom that has a sink and a shower
A very big nice looking kitchen that is well lit.
a bike that is parked on a brick road
a little table that has pans hanging above it
A kitchen with a white narrow refrigerator and wooden side table with pots and pans hanging above.
A kitchen with lots of track lighting and appliances.
Two people flying a kite in a field with a forest in the background.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator and wooden side table and hanging pots and pans.
A stove top with a large red hot burner.
A kitchen with a sink and white stove and white walls
A woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror.
An older man wearing glasses standing in a kitchen.
A kitchen with two sinks, microwave, cabinets, drawers and vases. 
A bathroom sink sitting under a mirror next to a doorway.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
Two children play on a laptop while their mother cleans dishes behind them.
A very cute cat sitting by a small item.
Two men in a restaurant kitchen touching fingers 
A bathroom area with a toilet, sink and a towel rack.
A bathroom area with a toilet, black cat and a television.
a surfer carrying his surf board walking into the water
A glass of wine sitting on the top of a swimming pool side.
Men working in a restaurant kitchen at an island 
A man is finishing a run down a mountain on a snowboard.
a person that is standing in a kitchen
An old bathroom sink in a bathroom 
A man dressed in snow apparel and sunglasses, on a snowboard going down a slope.
A man and a boy fly kites in the snow in front of pine trees.
A woman in tie dye shirt playing frisbee in a grassy area.
A corner of a room with a bunch of clutter on it.
Cat sitting on a table, intent on watching something.
Several people in a park sitting, standing, running and playing with frisbees. 
a car and a boat behind a pink gate
A beautiful woman riding a bike across a street.
a fancy bathtub and two black and white toilets in a palace looking room
A man standing in a kitchen holding a coffee cup and a regular cup.
a couple of benches that have a women on one of them
a photo of a kitchen with a fridge and oven and table
A guy in a sweater in a room holding some cups.
Women riding bicycles at ocean beach near surf.
a kitchen with a small stove few cabinets and a dishwasher
a lady that has a flashlight into a mirror
A large sunny kitchen with a table for six in it 
Man standing in kitchen holding cups in hand.
a photo of a bathroom with a toilet and a mirror and a window
a msall group of people inside a kitchen with a fridge and a microwave
A young skateboarder in the air at a skatepark
A woman holding a teddy bear next to a woman in a red dress.
A handsome sink on a long pedestal in a bathroom
A beautiful woman in a tight dress holding a smart phone.
a smeared vision of a bicycle rider and a park bench
a women that is behind some kind of counter
A kitchen with a stove, cabinets, tea kettle, sink and frying pans in it. 
A sleek kitchen with wood and stainless steel appliances.
A bike parked on the side of a street with a trunk on back of it.
a dog that is sitting inside a house
a person that is playing in the water next to the ocean
A bathroom showing sink with large mirror and toilet 
two cooking pans on an electric heating stove
A section of kitchen counter and shelves, with a sink visible.
Black and white image of a large analog clock over a fireplace.
A window sill filled with apples, lemons and oranges.
A group of men standing around each other wearing hats.
A man holding a surfboard while standing in the ocean.
Image of a restroom with toilet and sink visible.
a couple of people that have kites in the sky
a sink that has some soap with some fruit in the window
Their is people walking towards the bus stop
A dog standing on the floor with a mesh cone on its head 
A boy sitting in the sand next to the shore of an ocean with some type of boat just off shore 
A smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
a room that has a sink and a bath tub in it
a guy on a skateboard that is doing a trick
A woman riding a bike down a street.
a man and a woman sitting a very far away from each other
A white bathroom with the windows open letting in sun
A bathroom with a white sink sitting next to a white bath tub.
A blue car and white boat in driveway behind a gate.
A kitchen in a large empty house 
A man in the air skateboarding at the park 
a person in the ocean holding a surfboard in the water
A set of two photographs of two different kitchens.
A room has a fireplace and a clock above of it
A man taking a selfie without wearing a shirt.
A cat sitting on top of a red and blue cart.
a reflection in the mirror of a woman taking a photo
A clean looking bathroom has a white shower curtain.
A black cat standing in a metal sink in a kitchen.
A small bathroom has a phone by the toilet.
A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tile covered wall.
there is a dining room table with a red cloth and a vase with roses
A woman is taking a picture in front of a mirror.
We are looking at an old photo of a young man.
There are many items on the shelf behind the toilet.
Guy cutting the ribbon at an opening ceromony.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting next to a stove top oven.
A cat is laying in the back of a car.
There is a pot rack above a small wooden rack.
There is a case hanging from a hook in the bathroom.
A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet in a bathroom.
A very large bathroom has red walls and lights
A bathroom with a white bath tub sitting under two windows.
a bath room with a toilet a trash can and a towel rack
A woman sitting in front of a bathroom mirror taking a selfie.
Four bottles of red wine in front of stacked plates
The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
two people riding bikes on a bike near the water 
there are two men and a woman chef in the kitchen 
An electric toothbrush sits in its charging station.
There are four glasses of wine on the counter.
The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.
a table with a red tablecloth and white placemats
A spacious bathroom with two toilets, a tub and two sinks. 
A sitting area outside that shows two people sitting on opposite ends.
a black and white photo of a person wearing a suit and tie
Two women riding classic bicycles on the beach 
A kitchen with a chef pointing at another person near the stove.
a topless man stands in front of the mirror in the bathroom, taking his picture
An electric toothbrush sits in its charging station on a table.
A man walking past a cleaner near a parking meter.
a person in a kitchen with a stove a microwave and a sink
Three chefs working together in a restaurant kitchen
a kitchen with a stove a sink and some cupboards
A white toilet sitting in a room near a doorway.
a lady holding a wooden spoon cooking in a skillet on the stove
A messy kitchen with a table, stove, open cabinet doors and books on the table.
A man riding a bike in front of a red city bus.
A woman and two girls at a counter making sandwiches. 
There are many people on the hill side watching the kite.
two people riding on a scooter on a city street
A kitchen with wood cabinets and white countertops.
We are looking at the vanity in a small bathroom.
There are three chefs working in the kitchen.
A bathroom with a white tub sitting next to a sink.
A crowd of young people standing in a kitchen having conversations.
A woman in a kitchen near a box of Christmas decorations.
two modern style sinks in front of a mirror in a public bathroom
A bathroom cabinet with glass doors above a toilet, between a bathtub and sink.
Little girl riding a bycicle in a neighborhood.
a closeup of an OralB electric toothbrush in front of extra toothbrush heads
a modern kitchen with a high-powered oven stove top and other kitchen furniture
A kitchen with a sink, stove, oven and a dishwasher.
A small bathroom with a sink and toilet that has the lid open.
An open residential kitchen area with wood features.
A large bathroom with white-tile floor and white and red ceramic tile on walls with an old fashioned sink and a mirror is behind it.
A group of people are at a long dining table.
A bike parked next to a bench with two people on it.
A smiling woman standing in front of a stove
A woman smiles in front of the oven in her kitchen.
The man is in the kitchen working by himself.
A kitchen has red cabinets and yellow floor.
A white electric toothbrush in a silver holder.
The bathrobe is hanging on the door of the bathroom.
A magazine on the back of a toilet in a small bathroom.
A young girl stands next to a bike, overlooking a lake
A plate mounted to a wall next to a cat clock with crazy eyes.
A young lady talking to a young man in a kitchen.
A little girl is riding a pink bicycle as other children are standing behind her in a residential neighborhood.
A small bathroom, with only the toilet and sink visible
Part of a bathroom is shown, with a toilet and a television over it and a cat standing on the ledge.
Two frying pans sit empty on a small stove.
A man carrying vegetables in a cart with a large woven basket.
a child with a bicycle looking through a rail fence at the water below
A residential kitchen with white counters and wooden cabinets.
A man walks by a parking meter and an old building with letters from what it is missing.
a person taking a photo in a bath room mirror
a horse has his head over a wooden rail and a bike is parked next to a tree.
a close up of a stove with with different items on it 
A person in a wet suit carrying a surfboard out to the ocean.
This is a picture of three grown men. 
A bike with a box on it's back wheel is parked
A clean bathroom with the sun shining through
This is a picture of a man standing on a street.
There are two guys looking at a lot of bikes.,
This is a picture of a white bathroom
This is a picture of a cat standing near a toilet.
Two men are on horses that are reared back.
A bathroom scene looking at the sink and the toilet.
A bathroom scene with a cat and a television above the toilet.
One person can be seen walking down the platform of this station.
There is a counter top stove with different items made to look like figures.
A man standing at a bar mixing drinks.
A toilet with a wired magazine on top of it's tank.
A shaved cat with a very large head wearing a purple harness.
A siamese cat laying on a brown carpet.
two guys looking at their phones and another guy is wearing an  orange hat
A man walking along the platform next to a subway car.
a bath room with a toilet and tiled walls
A kitchen filled with lots of white appliances.
a kitchen with lights hanging from the ceiling 
An electric stove with objects placed around it. 
A bathroom with a brown seat on the toilet. 
three people in a kitchen preparing food 
There is a young child riding a bicycle down a sidewalk.
A woman in a kitchen with a sink, stove and an oven.
A menage has been constructed out of kitchen gadgets.
a close up of a cat laying near a window
Men in a kitchen are seen through a widow opening.
a bath room with a sink a mirror and a bath tub
Oranges, lemons, and apples sit on a windowsill.
Reflection in a mirror of a shirtless man standing with one hand in his pants pocket, looking and holding a power razor in other hand, leaning up against wall with tiny, square, pastel colored tiles, by a closed door.
A woman standing in a twist position with arm extended, and a Frisbee in the air near her, in a grass park with trees, with people playing Frisbee, walking and lounging in the grass on a sunny day.
a bathroom with a sink and mirror above it 
A woman in a pink shirt behind a bar. 
wood cabinets in a black counter top kitchen
two people at a table with a cake 
A full view of a bathroom with white toilet and sink. 
A photo taken at a train station with a train at the platform.
a vintage photo of a bathroom with a toilet an tub
a kitchen with a oven and a fridge in it 
A bathroom with a tub, shower, scale, toilet and sink.
A pair of horses performing tricks in a field. 
A woman smiles as she stands in a kitchen.
a bunch of traffic driving in front of a building 
A group of people eating Krispy Creme sitting ina board room setting.
THERE ARE CARS AND A TRUCK THAT IS PARKED IN THE PARKING LOT 
A view of the ceiling of a kitchen with several light bulbs.
A kitchen with a stove, sink, microwave, cabinets and a blender.
A view of a woman standing inside a kitchen.
A full view of a horse next to a bike. 
The magazine is on the back of the toilet in the bathroom.
The woman is taping a show inside in front of a audience.
A line of oranges, lemons and apples on a window sill.
A green towel hangs by a mirror in a bathroom. 
A bathroom with a toilet, cabinet, mirror, sink and shower.
A bathroom with a separate area with door for the toilet.
The woman is standing in the kitchen empty. 
Two bikers riding down the beach in the middle of the beach.
The bike has a cooler for delivers to people.
A cat sitting on a bench with a bicycle leaning against it.
A woman sitting on a bench next to a her blue bike.
A bicycle rack with a bicycle chained to it on a sidewalk.
A bathroom with a green towel on the sink.
A view of a very nice kitchen with a jug on the counter.
A view of a bunch of fruit sitting on a sink window sill. 
a topless man taking a selfie in a bathroom
A bathroom sink with the window shining sunlight through the window.
A surfer with surf board walking into the ocean.
A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.
A cat sitting on a wall next to a  toilet under a TV.
A pan with banana slices and caramel on top of a stove.
a woman is behind a counter and some people are watching 
A woman stirring the contents of a skillet with a wooden spoon.
A dirty kitchen has pots and pans strewn, and open cabinets.
A bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to a toilet and a sink.
A white sink sitting under a mirror in a bathroom.
two pictures a white kitchen and a silver and brown one
A kitchen with standard and small appliances and wooden cabinets.
A bathroom with a tub, toilet, shower, sink and a glass as the wall.
A metal sink sitting below a window next to a dishwasher.
A stove top sitting under a wooden cabinet.
a drawing of a big bathroom with a seperate room for the toilet 
A bathroom with bathtub, vanity, mirror and windows.
a white counter top in a home kitchen
A toilet in a bathroom that is being remodeled.
a woman in a brown top a silver oven sink and cabinets
A man wearing a suit and tie with greased back hair.
a large bath room for all different types of people . 
A person aims a camera at a bathroom mirror.
A small dinning table with all red napkins and a red table cloth . 
A bathroom with a sink, mirror, counter and toilet tissue holder.
A bathroom including a bathtub/shower, sink, and mirror
A robe hanging on a door in the middle of a bathroom.
some people are flying a kite in a field and clouds
A group of people flying a large kite
A lady carrying a backpack and riding a bicycle stopped at a traffic light while cars pass in the opposite direction. 
a woman in a kitchen making food and lights
A young man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.
a black brown and white cat and a bicycle
a couple of pictures of the inside of a house
A woman standing in the middle of a crowd of people.
a boat and a car are behind a red fence
A man sitting on a bench with his bag and a small dog. 
some people buildings and a parked motorcycle and a girl on a bicycle
Looking across traffic to a shabby apartment building and a magnificent church
A cat sitting down outside next to a bike.
some red and white tile a sink mirror and lights
The bathroom sink counter has an electronic toothbrush and a soap dispenser on it.
A bathroom that is filled with bathroom accessories and items. 
A waiter shaking up a cocktail behind a bar
A bathroom with a large bathtub and slate floors
Three men standing behind the counter at a restaurant.
Antique black and white photograph of a town's main street
The electric stove in a small but tidy kitchen
Clothes handing on a hook on the back of a bathroom door.
A small attractive rest room with a tub and toilet.
A women who is throwing a Frisbee in a field.
Two costumed horse riders make their horses stand on their hind legs.
A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE RIDING THERE BIKES IN THE STREET
A women who is reading something while sitting on a bench.
A picture of a kitchen with a toaster oven.
LOOKS LIKE A CITY BUS ZOOMING BY A MAN ON THE SIDEWALK
a blond woman in a pink top water and a table
a woman is riding a bicycle with a pink basket outside
The double length bus drives near a bicyclist.
The car is parked beside a boat in a driveway.
A horse that is looking over a fence.
A white toilet in a bathroom under a picture of a cat.
a woman is working in a large kitchen
The large bathroom has a toilet and a blue tub in it.
A man cooking in the middle of kitchen
a small white sink in a home bathroom
The bicyclist is waiting at a street intersection. 
A bathroom has a wooden sliding door that hides the toilet.
A cat that is sitting on something red.
A full view of a kitchen with boards and lights. 
A building has tan wood floors and wooden walls.
Modern sinks in a bathroom with a large mirror.
A kitchen scene with focus on the stove top.
Many people in a field stand beneath a large flying kite.
A view of a bathroom with a very open setting.
People are being served at a banquet by women in a white uniform. 
A boy and girl are in the kitchen.
The bathroom is clean and ready for guests to use.
The young kids are playing with the laptop on the floor.
The boy smiles as he poses next to a wall with writing on it.
A Stop State Police sign on the hood of a car.
a gray and white cat  on a car seat
There are some people out for a dinner eat out. 
a silver pan with bananas on a black stove
The bathroom mirror has six suspended lights on the sides of it.
A young man sits on a bench with a dog. 
A woman is standing in a new looking kitchen.
You can see the bathroom through the window.
A full view of a kitchen with some counters.
A cat is perched on a closed toilet.
A living room has a fireplace and a large clock.
A biker waits to cross the road at an intersection.
The man sits on a bench reading with a cup of coffee.
The bicycle is near the pen with the horse.
A bathroom has a robe hanging on the door.
a black gray and white cat sitting on a toilet seat
a couple of kids are in front of a laptop
Two people sit far apart near a huge wall.
a white tub in a brown cabinet bathroom
In this bathroom the toilet is in a separate room from the tub and sinks.
a bunch of men are sitting around a table
A lone man walks on the platform near a metro train.
A very rustic kitchen in an open beam building.
A man sitting on a bench, unzipping a bag, with a chihuahua in a vest standing with front paws on the man's leg, by a parking lot and building with a woman walking and a person sitting in a chair under awning in the background.
A woman parked at red light on her bike.
This bathroom has a spa tub, a toilet, and a sink. 
A view of a blender and a toaster over from across the room.
Some picture of something with the lid opened. 
a black white and gray cat and a black trash can
a white sink and mirror in a home bathroom
A woman riding a bike in the street and other people walking around.
A white bathroom with beige counter and blue towel.
A half body shot of a guy on a skateboard.
A small bathroom with a really big window.
A sleek and modern bathroom set up in white and black.
An all white modern bathroom with double sinks.
A dog is dressed in a shirt and jeans.
A large kitchen with black appliances and a wooden floor.
A woman cooking food while another woman watches. 
A bathroom that seems rustic with two stained glass windows.
A skateboarder jumps on a rail while doing a trick.
Man riding a bicycle while on his cell phone.
A full view of a toilet and sink in a bath room. 
A bathroom with toilets, a sink, and other items. 
a woman is being pulled by a dog on a skateboard
A laptop computer and a computer screen on display.
A couple of women sitting at a table near a cake.
A group of people traveling on a bus.
People talk in an office with many pictures on the wall.
a plant and a white toilet in a bathroom
a man on a bike is riding down the street
several people sitting at the back of a bus
People sitting on motorcycles on the side of a road.
A bunch of kids playing around in the snow. 
a couple of people are sitting in a motorcycle
A white sink with a metal faucet above it.
A white sink sitting next to another white sink in a bathroom.
A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet, and other items. 
two stain glass windows in an old kitchen
a couple of young women are smiling together
A man riding a skateboard with two gray shoes.
A toilet and urinal in a public bathroom
A white bathroom sink under a light 
A bike with a green basket parked next to a grocery store.
A young person is having fun in the water. 
A toilet sitting under a window in a restroom.
A big view of a toilet with mirror and sink. 
A big bathroom with sink and mirror in back. 
A picture of a bathroom next to a window. 
A tabby cat perched in the open window of old, rusty car.
A group of people on a boat with a bicycle onboard 
A man in tennis shoes is on a skateboard.
A small bathroom with vanity, sink and mirrors.
A small bathroom with a toilet, vanity and bath tub.
A car is parked on the curb by the fire hydrant.
Man in a suit talks on his cell phone while riding a bike down the street
A small bathroom has a vanity, mirror, toilet and bathtub.
A small kitchen has many items on the counter.
A bunch of bikes are sitting in their spots.
A bicycle is parked next to the rail by the river.
A small kitchen with a dining table by the window.
Two women pose for a picture while in the kitchen.
Various fruits sit in front of the juicer on the counter.
A black and white picture of a child on a skateboard the street
A small cluttered kitchen with a window and sink.
A bathroom with glass doors to the shower.
A large kitchen with light wood cupboards and black appliances.
A small bathroom has a vanity, sink and towel in it.
A close up view of a mirror reflecting cars parked on a street.
a bathroom filled with a sink, toilet and hardwood floors
A beautiful white  bathroom with expose brick.
There is a too with a so k and mirtior
There is a person sitting in the dick
A picture of an clean bathroom in an upscale hotel
a peron is showing imges of there sneakers on the skate board
there are two people that are seated at the table talking 
there are people that are riding there bikes on the street
there is a man that is looking at something or someon with red eyes
This half of the bathroom has a shower and a toilet
THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON THE SKIE SON THE SNOW BANK
group of four people standing around conference table with laptop
IM NOT EXACTLY SURE WHAT THIS IS A PICTURE OF
Guy glides on skateboard up sidewalk as someone else rides a bike.
a kitchen having many small appliances and a clock on the wall
Cyclist passing accident scene with emergency personnel at intersection.
"His and Her" towels hand off bathroom wall across the sink
A bike is parked on a busy sidewalk.
A white bathroom sink sitting under two mirrors.
Bathroom with two small cabinets and artwork on wall.
A group of people are talking while standing and sitting.
A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A small bathroom with a toilet, bathtub and shower curtain.
A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.
A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A couple sitting on a motorcycle looking at the sky.
A long line of people riding bicycles down a road under a large bridge.
A man with a white mustache sitting in front of a shelf.
A white and beige bathroom has a wooden toilet seat.
A kitchen with a sink a dish rack on the wall and utensils hanging from a window. 
A black and white photo of people on a bus.
A narrow city street has open markets and chairs.
A guy with a big coat and woman looking at him.
Three people walking toward a small airplane on a tarmac.
A strange dark kitchen has an interesting curtain.
The kitchen area is clean and brand new.
A white toilet sitting next to a role of toilet paper.
A bathroom with a sink and blue painted walls.
A couple of women sitting next to each other in front of a table.
Various people are in the rain holding umbrellas.
A white and beige bathroom has overhead plumbing.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A man riding a bike down a street while recklessly talking on a cell phone.
A ski slope that has people at the top and one skier doing a jump trick in the middle of the slopes.
A bathroom showing the tub and toilet 
a bathroom vanity with blue towels hanging up
A bathroom showing sink, toilet and a mirror 
someone videotaping a person skiing across icy water
A dog sitting in a basket on a bike in front of a store. 
A walk in shower sitting next to a white toilet.
A kitchen with a black stove top oven and an automatic dishwasher.
A bathroom showing toilet, small shelf with towels, and a shower 
A couple of men riding motorcycles behind a herd of sheep.
A kitchen with a red stove top under a framed picture.
a small kitchen with a white microwave in the corner
A calico cat sniffing the window frame of a very old car. 
A person is riding a skateboard on the sidewalk.
a small clean bathroom with a blue towel and a white wash cloth
a long river with buildings surrounding it and a bike rack on side walk 
a man and a woman are standing outside
A toilet sitting below a window next to a sink.
A rusty old truck in weeds with a cat inside the window 
A cat standing in front of a small mirror.
A kitchen sink counter full of beer bottles.
Woman typing on open laptop while group of three talk in office doorway
A man driving a car with a parrot on top of a steering wheel.
A picture of a bathroom with white tile walls and a window with white blinds.
A bike near a gate near river with a boat carrying people in it. 
Empty kitchen with oven dishwasher and many cabinets
A black man riding a skate board on top of a metal rail.
a bathroom with mirrors a counter top and sink 
A small bathroom with a vanity and a art on the wall.
A large group of people standing next to bicycles in a building square.
An older man riding a bike in front of a red double decker bus.
Bathroom with stand in shower that has frosted windows
a juicer with a glass of juice three oranges and two grapefruits
a bathroom with a toilet table and shower on a tiled floor
A bathroom with stain glass on the windows 
three people on skateboards one girl is being pulled by a dog 
A man riding a bike on a city street while talking on his cell phone 
The sink of a bathroom next to an open door.
A small bathroom holds a circular mirror and light fixture.
a woman on a laptop and three people talking
An magazine photo of a restroom toilet and sink.
A kitchen with a decorated dining table and red oven.
There is a toilet sink and mirror I the bathroom
A close up of a mirror in a bathroom 
a girl is flying a kite in a field
There is a bike parked in the side if the rivet 
a bathroom with two windows a toilet and  sink
The cat is sitting inside a abandoned truck.
A man and a woman dressed in early times outfits.
Sheep are being herded through the street by two men on motor bikes and one man who is walking.
a bike that is next to a fence by some water
A kitchen with a dining room table and a sitting area 
The car is parked by the fire hydrant on the side of the road.
The people are boarding the small airplane on the runway.
The room is clean and ready for us to use.
A computer screen sits above a small laptop.
A small room with a desk and large mirror.
A group of people are riding their bikes in the city.
The passengers are sitting next to each other on the bus.
A kitchen has wood flooring and cabinets with a black refrigerator, stove and microwave.
A guy with one foot on a skateboard looking back.
A man riding on the side of a rail on a skateboard.
An empty kitchen has new cabinets and counters.
A bathroom mirror sitting above a white sink.
someone bending down picking something up off the floor .
An old bathroom with toilet and tall window.
Some snow skiers are on snow and ice.
A clean, sterile bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink
A woman taking a picture in a bathroom mirror.
A sink area with various beer bottles and a dog food bowl.
A red dolly and a man are in  a medium sized kitchen.
A group of people sitting inside of a train car.
A kitchen with a white counter top and a stove top oven.
A table with a juicer, glassware and various fruits.
A crowd of people on bicycles riding down a road under a bridge.
A man with a mustache sitting in a room with many file folders.
A small bathroom with a toilet, sink, and two windows.
A group of bikers sitting on their bikes next to the beach.
A kitchen with  standard appliances, wood cabinets and flooring.
A large country kitchen with a wood floor 
A bathroom that has a  toilet and tub.
A small kitchen display with sink and counters
A bottle of cooking oil from a foreign country 
A parrot in a car while a man drives the car.
A man wiping up a spill on a kitchen floor.
There Is no image here to provide a caption for.
A few men wrangling a herd of sheep down a street.
A small bathroom features a sink, vanity, windows and toilet.
The people are skiing and taking pictures by the water.
A man driving a car with a parrot perched beside him on a hoop.
The young man is practicing his skateboard tricks.
A woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.
a white kitchen with cabinets an oven and dishwasher
A woman watching another woman cook a dish in a wok on an electric hotplate.
A man flying through the air while riding a pair of skis.
A bathroom with a strange toilet whose tank is way in the air.
A couple is sitting on a motorcycle looking up at the sky, while another couple are messing with a kite.
Black and white photo of a person riding on a skate board.
A close shot of a bathroom shower, toilet, and hung towels. 
A black and white TV with a picture of a car showing on the screen.
A parrot ridding in a car next to a man.
The room is clean and ready for the people to use.
black and white photo of an older bathroom
A dog in shirt and jeans with a hat on by its owner.
A woman standing in front of a table cooking food in a pan.
The small bathroom has a window near the toilet.
A laptop sitting under a television with several cords coming from it. 
A group of people riding kite boards on top of the ocean.
A small street is filled with human activity.
The skier twists through the air while jumping a series of snow ramps.
A man standing inside of a kitchen wearing an apron.
The large wooden cabinet is near a framed photo.
A towel hangs on the bathroom wall near a toilet.
The inside of a hotel room with typical decor and a backpack leaning up against the wall.
A cutting board topped with two grape fruit and oranges next to a juicer and a cup of juice.
The wind is perfect for a day on the ocean.
Two people taking a picture of a woman water skiing in a lake with ice.
A man standing in a kitchen in front of a stove top white oven.
A man standing on top of a bike seat as he rides it down a street.
A small bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower.
A cat sniffing a door on an antique car.
A sink not in a fixture in a large bathroom.
A woman using a camera to take a selfie.
A computer monitor mounted to the wall and connected to a laptop.
A bathroom has a tub, and toilet, and a tiled floor.
Car parked up on the dirt by a rusty fire hydrant
Woman in a hat stands at the table while the food is being cooked
A cat sitting inside an old run down van looking out the window.
A bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet.
A bicyclist riding down the street with an umbrella attached to the bicycle.
A woman takes a picture of herself in a public bathroom mirror.
An orange and white cat sitting on top of a rusted car door.
A couple stand beside a shop in vintage clothing.
A bathroom with a mirror, light, towel, cup and toothbrush in it. 
A bathroom with toilet, sink vanity, mirror and shower.
A bathroom with a vanity sink, mirror, toilet, and bathtub.
A man standing in a room next to lots of surfboards.
Bathmat fills space on floor between toilet, sink and tub
A police car and a fire truck are at the scene of a possible fire.
A kitchen with wooden paneling and a coffee maker.
A bicyclist rides past an intersection street being blocked by police officers and fire fighters.
The two men and a woman are ready to board the small airplane.
A group of people in a boat with a bicycle.
A cat sitting in tub looking at his reflection in the hardware. 
A person and a child crawling on a floor.
A person holds their hands to his face wile sitting on a toilet.
a well decorated bathroom has a glass shower stall
Nowadays, sheep are herded by people and motorcycles.
a bathroom with a shower that has frosted glass doors
A bathroom with a sink, cabinets, toilet and a tub. 
A small compact car sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant.
A toilet in  bathroom with the lid down 
A bathroom toilet with a shower stall and a window.
a kitchen with a stove a sink and a microwave
a person is standing on a skateboard outside
A black and white photo of a toilet with the toilet seat up
A modern looking bathroom with sinks, toilet, and bath tub.
A television mounted on a wall with cords behind it. 
Fire truck and police with car and bicycles at accident scene.
a person jumping a skate board in the air
a toilet with a sink built into the back of it
a black and white photo of a cat in a bath tub
a person riding a bike near a public transit bus
a room with a chair door mirror desk sitting on a carpeted area
A kitchen with a big window, oven and toaster
A bathroom with sink, toilet, and a urinal 
A girl rides her bike down a busy street.
A bathroom with a sink, a urinal and a commode.
Many people stand near a city building with bicycle.
A man drives while his bird hangs in the car.
A public bathroom with graffiti on the walls.  
A man biking while talking on the phone.
Several open drawers exposing flatware, cooking utensils and knives.
A man riding a bike down a street with a bus behind him.
a number of cars in the reflection of a mirror
A man with an apron in a kitchen with fridge and bottles of wine
An empty kitchen with white cabinets, appliances, and a ceiling fan.
A kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
A man riding skis across snow covered ground.
a beth room with a toilet and a bath tub
There are many people outside having some fun.
A modern bathroom with a glass shower stall.
A computer monitor hanging over a laptop on a counter.
People boarding a plane on the tarmac. 
The cat sits inside of an old rusted car.
Here is an image of an outside district.
A full view of many people gathering in a house.
A big pink towel can be seen in the mirror.
A picture of a small bathroom from the doorway.
a bath room with a toilet and a sink 
A bicyclist peddling down a busy city street.
The orange cat is sleeping on the bathroom rug.
A cat is sitting in the back of an old van.
a kitchen with a sink a refrigerator and cupboards
The light shines above the mirror of a sink.
The white toilet is installed in the wooden floor.
Some people are on a boat in the water with a bike.
The wide street view of a narrow market street 
Bathroom with a shower with clear glass in front. 
a bath room with a toilet a sink and a tub
The cyclist is riding ahead of the bus.
The silverware is organized in the kitchen drawers.
The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
An overnight cosmetic bag sits on the counter of the sink.
A black and white picture of a cat in a bathtub.
A kitchen with an oven, stove, dishwasher, sink and refrigerator.
A long narrow kitchen with open shelves and a bar in the other side.
A small room featuring a lone sink and lighted mirror.
Black man with a very colorful baseball cap and sunglasses.
Two well worn sneakers with new white laces are ready to ride the skateboard.
Passengers boarding a plane via a movable staircase.
A black car is parked on the grass.
A man on a skateboard looking back while on a sidewalk.
Man sitting on a toilet making funny a facial expression. 
A dog is sitting in the basket of a bicycle.
A picture of a ski lodge with information boards in the background.
An unoccupied well decorated, spotless bathroom with coordinating towels. 
A skateboarder props up his skateboard with is feet.
Many vendors gather around and promote their businesses. 
A long dining counter has a box of Kleenex on it.
A bicycle with an umbrella attached is a practical idea.
A person on the floor in front of a refrigerator
A person sail boards in a lake with hills in the background.
Dozens of bicycles secured in a covered double level bike rack.
A man is riding a bicycle down a busy city street.
a person riding a bike on a city street
A group of people sit in a boat with a bike.
A hutch with cupboards in a luxurious house. 
A towel hanging next to a toilet in a bathroom. 
This bathroom has many different finishes and should be remodeled.
A woman riding a bicycle down a street by traffic.
Bathroom with toilet, vanity with white top, and shower.
There is a kitchen with a window in it.
a kitchen with cupboards a sink and a window
A tv is perched on a shelf in a white room.
A picture of an outdoor area that seems great.
A curious cat is sniffing the remains of a car.
A bottle of olive oil on a counter with another bottle behind it. 
a bath room with a light a mirror and a towel
This is a broad view of a room in an area.
A bathroom with different colored tiles, mirrors and soap dispensers.
A group of bicyclists are riding down a path
A man sits in front of brightly colored bags 
A white toilet sitting under a window next to a bath tub.
A toilet with a control lever with a flushing system.
A fancy toilet with decorations on the tank lid
A room filled with different types of items all around.
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances in a vacant house.
mas in orange outfit para sailing in the water.
the man is placing a green container on someones head
the bathroom has a half brick wall and half white
People on motorcycles pulled over on the side of the road.
A lone biker travels the streets amongst cars and a UPS truck.
People climbing up stairs to board an airplane
Small, quaint and clean bathroom with soft toned colors
A room with a cabinet, drawers, a vase and a picture on the wall. 
A bathroom with a toilet with a wood finished seat, tiled floors, two rugs on the floor and a door. 
A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a  kitchen.
Man and women dressed up and standing outside of a building. 
A black and white photo of skiers on the slopes.
A tabby cat is curled up on a scatter rug.
A clean tiled bathroom with shower, toilet, sink.
Beautiful brown colors and wood in the backdrop of a cunning little boy.
A gorgeous display of forks, spoons, knives and other culinary items.
A very basic looking bathroom with no decorations.
A kitchen with black counter tops and appliances and wooden cabinets.
A large bathroom with a white toilet and large bathroom sink.
A woman rides a bike in front of a street. 
The sink in the bathroom is a large unusual bowl.
There are two women talking at a table.
A sink with dishes in it and lined by various bottles.
A bottle of oil with asian lettering on it.
Woman riding a biking next to a tall building. 
This is a broad view of a room in an area.
A store shows a model kitchen in a display area.
A bathroom has a toilet, shower, and counter in it. 
A cluttered kitchen with a clock the wall.
people are riding there bikes underneath an overpass
a man is wearing a while shirt and sitting in front of many different colors. 
A man riding a bike in the rain while holding an umbrella.
A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.
A kitchen display is set up with all of the furnishings. 
A pink van attracts new customers every day.
The kitchen is equipped with all the best appliances.
The next person dives off the boat to join those already in the water.
There are two women that are standing together
A toilet that has a pipe that is exposed. 
A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
the woman is riding past a building that has a white door
A coffee drink and pastry on a table in front of a sidewalk.
The bicycle has an umbrella attached to it.
The dog is pulling the girl on a skate board. 
Skier with skis crossed as they are jumping.
the bus number 463 is heading to del am 
the girls are standing in a room with the window behind them 
There are people that are jumping on the ski snow bank
A person standing in front of a display of surf boards.
There is a woman that is riding a bike 
A bedroom with tiny kitchenette with sink and refrigerator.
A man standing in a kitchen looking at the open drawer on the oven.
Bathroom mirror with brown towel hanging on rack.
A large kitchen area that is very elongated. 
A man and woman on the subway with a map
A white room with some counters on it. 
The kitchen has a microwave, sink and stove in it. 
A kitchen with lots of counter space and a microwave oven.
The old tv set is showing a car on it. 
a close up of a bottle of oil on a table
A group of people para sailing in the ocean.
A couple of people carrying tote bags walking towards a plane.
A woman rides a bike with an umbrella over her.
the man is standing in the kitchen wearing an apron
The cat is in the bath tub looking at its self. 
There is a woman that is riding on a bike
Four guys sitting on motorcycles on the side of the road.
A man who is looking at an oven.
A white toilet sitting under a window next to a sink.
Four men all sitting on motorized scooters outside.
A man in a kitchen standing in front of dirty dishes.
This bicycle rear view mirror shows all the parked cars on the street.
Four guys, each of them on motorcycles near the water.
A kitchen with black and white accents and clean counters
This is a wide perspective of a room in a region. 
a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet
A kitchen with an oven, stove and a table with chairs.
an empty kitchen with a stove and refrigerator
A bathroom counter with a glass bowl on top of it.
a bathroom vanity with the sink sitting on top and a mirror
There is a room with different things in the picture. 
a person sitting on a toilet in a white room
a couch a table with chairs and a microwave
A crowded kitchen with dishes hanging from the walls
Here is a spirit in the symbol alone. 
Looking at a fancy restroom toilet, and sink through the door.
two people standing near a food truck on a side walk
A bathroom sink, mirror, soap, and paper towels
A chef stands next to a counter with many ingredients
Open front door of an airliner with passengers entering via stairway.
a number of people riding motorcycles near one another 
The kitchen is next to the dining room and living room.
There is a full point of view of a room in a well lit zone. 
A rectangular toilet in a stall with the lid up.
A toilet with the seat up below a window.
THIS IS A PICTURE OF TWO URINALS IN A MENS BATHROOM
some tangerines and some grapefruit next to a juicer
Three people walking towards an aircraft in an airport
A square bathroom mirror hanging on the wall.
Some grapefruit in a bowl on a table.
A leather couch sitting next to a table with lots of chairs.
Here is a soul in the image alone. 
A glass sink in bathroom with a marble interior.
A spot with a couple of materials that is amenable. 
A black and white photo of a dog sitting in a basket on a bicycle.
A line of bikes are in a bike rack on a brick area.
Blue road bike with an umbrella secured to it.
Oranges are next to the hand juicer next to a knife and a bowl.
An old television set and a car is visible on the screen and a light is reflecting off of it.
Someones is get in the stillness of the picture. 
This is a thing that is direct and plain. 
a bath room with a bowl shaped sink 
A person in red shirts riding a bike that is pulling a cart for someone to ride in.
Bathroom with toilet, window and table in view.
A large white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
two people wearing suits near one another 
People walking on a street in wind and rain using jackets and umbrellas
A white bathroom with a beige shower curtain
A kitchen with yellow wood cabinets and black appliances. 
A city street filled with traffic next to buildings.
A bathroom with a white basin sink and a white cabinet and mirror. 
A man is performing tricks on a bicycle.
Man in rain coat and others on a rainy city street.
Bathroom with radiator, sink, lighting, shower curtain and decor items.
A kitchen with wood grain cabinets, hardwood floors and a stainless steal refrigerator.
 a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet
A woman takes a wine break on the kitchen counter.
A street scene with a person riding a bicycle.
a close up of a person riding skis on a body of water 
a white toilet and bath tub in a small bathroom
Even though many oranges have been juiced, there are more to do.
The bicyclist is doing a trick on his black bike.
A tiled back splash sits above a sink covered with soaps, toothbrushes, and other kinds of beauty products.
a man is standing with a bicycle outside
a tall bird is standing by an oven
A cat is taking a nap on the bathroom rug.
A black bathroom sink under a bathroom mirror.
A dog wearing clothes is standing on the sidewalk.
A car that is sitting in the street.
a person jumping a skate board in the air 
A couch that is in a living room with pillows on it.
A bunch of bikes that are parked in a bike rack.
A woman that is sitting on a counter top.
A bathroom mirror that has a flower underneath it.
Many bottle line a kitchen sink in a kitchen. 
This public restroom has round mirrors hanging on the colorful tiled walls.
A dog that is standing up wearing clothes.
A man that is standing on a skateboard.
A white refrigerator that is in a kitchen.
One woman at the window of a food truck while another woman looks at the menu.
A bathroom that has a light on above a mirror.
this is a picture of several bicycles on top of each other
Open drawers that have various types of utensils. 
A full point of view of a restroom with a sink and toilet 
People are there recognizing and having a huge amount of fun of their life. 
A kitchen with wood cabinets and flooring and black counter tops.
TWO YOUNG MEN WEARING SUITS ARE POSING FOR A PICTURE TOGETHER
A group of bikes pared on the side of a street.
A kitchen with wooden cupboards and cabinets and a white framed window.
A person taking a picture of a bathroom sink with a radio.
A young man riding a bike down a rural road.
A large white bird standing in front of a stove top oven.
A blue bowl filled with lots of oranges on top of a table.
an all white outdated kitchen white a white microwave 
A dog with a shirt and a pair of paints on standing in the street.
A large cabinet in a corner next a picture.
A toilet with a red seat in a small bathroom with red tiles.
A bathroom with sink and toilet around it.
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
A stove top oven sitting next to a metal kitchen sink.
This is a spot with a few things in the house.
a white woman in a white top talking on her cellphone 
An individual is in the open view in the image.
I bet he will finish this entire meal in no time at all.
A chef stands next to a variety of foods in bowls in his professional kitchen.
A beautiful kitchen and counters with lit lights. 
A man is diving into the water from a boat.
Here is a picture with a restroom scene. 
A person riding a bike with a yellow cart behind it.
Several bicycles are parked outside under an awning.
 couple of pastry on top of a bag near a cup of coffee.
a woman talking on a cell phone while under a tree
The shower curtain in this bathroom is hanging on the outside of the bathtub. 
a bathroom counter iwth some different bottles and a toothbrush on it 
A woman standing in the rain holding an umbrella.
A picture of several people walking on a sidewalk on a rainy day.
A picture of a white bathroom with a hanging overhead lamp, a radiator, and a striped shower curtain.
A man in a white apron is standing in a kitchen prep area.
A small bathroom consisting of a shower, sink, and toilet.
A kitchen with a white microwave oven sitting on top of a counter.
A bathroom that has a toilet and glass shower door.
a toilet and sink in a small bathroom
A little girl with a kite standing in the grass.
A metallic refrigerator freezer in a  kitchen.
A white toilet in a bathroom with window.
A bathroom that has a toilet and a blue rug.
A photo of a korean cooking product of oil.
A person is kite surfing in the water. 
a bathroom with some blue walls and some towels on the wall 
A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and a window.
An excellent kitchen and counters with lit lights.
A man that is wearing a hit and sunglasses.
A white sink that is underneath a mirror.
A sink bowl stands under a mirror and light fixture, with a towel hanging nearby.
A photo of household kitchen with a traditional look.
A mountain towering over colorful kites in a sky.
An excellent kitchen and counters with lit lights.
a sign is on a white toilet in a bathroom
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
A social occasion of people are uncovered before the open day.
Two people are in a food truck cooking with the doors open. 
a person with red hair is buying from a van
a very pink food truck sitting on the side of a road 
Some oranges have been squeezed with a hand juicer and there are a few whole oranges left.
A modern toilet bowl in a pubic bathroom stall.
A person sits at a table with a plate of food.
A plate that has food on it sitting on a table.
A couple of bikes are parked within a metal structure.
a woman sitting on the top of a counter in a kitchen 
A man is riding a bicycle in the rain.
Some fruits that are being juiced into a measuring cup.
A counter in a bathroom that has a pink figurine on it.
A man being pulled downhill on snow skis.
Kitchen cupboards above the sink that has the stove next to it.
A cup of coffee next to some bread.
a blue bike standing in front of a building in the rain 
Preparation of squeezed oranges using a manual squeezer.
a refrigerator and microwave and a white door leading to a pantry
A young African American male wears a colored hat and shades while making a cool face.
A white toilet and sink in a white bathroom
A girl flying a kite in the air on a field.
A group of two business men lean their heads together.
A television that is in the corner in a kitchen.
This food has a sauce drizzled over the top of it.
A well lit bathroom furnished with a full rack of white towels.
A wood paneled bathroom with a tile floor.
a bathroom sink a kitchen sink and stove and a shower with a toilet
A orange and white car laying in the middle of a bathroom rug.
A man leaning on another man both in suits and ties.
a little open kitchen next to a floral couch and a white dining table 
some wood cabinets in a ;large clean kitchen
A kitchen with many utensils hanging from the window.
A woman on a skateboard is being pulled by a dog.
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
a man hanging on to the cables to go para sailing 
 A bunch of bikes parked right by a street.
Two people serving lunch out of a food truck.
a small bathroom with dirty windows and a small sink 
The man in an apron stands near the sink counter.
A man is walking in the rain with hood on his head.
A bathroom with light on has tile floor.
A kitchen sink sitting under a window in a  kitchen.
A very colorful bathroom with round mirrors that look into eachother.
A man poses for a picture while he sits on the toilet
The toilet in this restroom stall is square. 
Many kites fly with a mountain in the background.
A portion of a bath tub and a white robe hanging up on a hook a white shower and shelves that have towels and toiletries.
a bathroom with a black counter and tile walls 
A kitchen with a nice countertop, cabinets and a great view.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer and an oven.
A person sits on the bike portion of a bike carriage, waiting for customers. 
The kitchen has a black oven with a white refrigerator.
A light that is on above a mirror.
A bath tub with a wooden wall next to a white sink.
A toilet lid, toilet and cleaning brush and a handle to flush.
Several skateboarders by the beach with a dog tagging along.
A bathroom with sink, showe, shelf, and towels.
A group of people sitting at a dinner table with wine glasses.
A bicycle with a mirror showing the street near it.
A bowl of oranges sits on the table.
A girl looks up at a guy in a backwards hat.
A set of three mirrors mounted to a wall.
A very large building with a river passing next to it.
A man is helping someone carry a case on their head.
A person is skateboarding while others are oblivious.
a black mirror a sink and a small shelf
Many people at a ski mountain dressed to ski. 
A modest kitchen with wooden cabinets and a spice shelf
A brown kitchen with a light on in the middle of it.
Man biking on a trail stops to drink some water.
An ostrich checking out what's cooking on the stove.
A man sitting on a toilet with a dinner plate tucked to his chest.
A person diving from a boat into the water.
Many people outside in snow at bottom of snowy hills.
Some oranges in a blue bowl on a table.
Man diving from boat into water while others watch from a boat.
A woman stands under her umbrella in the rain.
A kitchen with wooden floors and a large oven.
Person doing a trick on a skateboard on side of building as others walk by.
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and natural wood cabinetry.
A group of people sitting around the table
a towel a toilet a counter a sink and a shower
A mirror and two toilets in a mans bathroom 
Modern wood themed kitchen and serving areas of a restaurant. 
motorcycles are parked along the street in a row
Black and white image of several parked bikes lined in front of street sign.
Many people are out and having some fun there.
A person on a bicycle doing a trick.
A mans legs in the air with a skateboard
A photograph of an individual being taken in this picture. 
A large, fancy bathroom with several sinks and stalls all in marble.
Someone is in the photo not sure who that person is.
A professional kitchen with metal counter tops with good lighting.
A woman sitting on top of a kitchen counter.
A rare picture of an individual within this image. 
Several individuals are hanging out and enjoying their time.
Oven with door open on island in middle of a kitchen.
That is a decent looking space with all products. 
A young girl flying a white kite on top of a green field.
A bunch of oranges sitting in a bowl 
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
The complete perspective of a washroom with numerous things to see. 
A woman on a transport bike waiting for customers.
Bicycle wheels are lined up on bicycles in a row.  
some people one is on a white and red scooter
A view of a very nice bathroom sink with a bowl sink;
A man riding skis down  a snow covered slope.
A man stopped on a bike on a path, holding a drink.
A bird with long legs and neck in a kitchen, standing over a stove.
A kitchen,dining room and living room are seen.
A bathroom counter with a sink, soap, and towel.
A woman wearing glasses sitting at a table
A pretty young lady holding a smart phone in her left hand.
Dog sitting in the back basket of a bike outside the shop
A person sitting at a table writing on a piece of paper.
An oven with the door open beside a microwave in a kitchen
A kitchen with a bunch of stainless steel cookware in it 
A person on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
A tub and shower with a curtain in a bathroom.
A blue and cream tiled bathroom with a stand up shower
A person is about to eat some chicken with some sauce on it.
This bath tub has a shower hose. 
Several people are watching a guy dive off a boat.
A car that has a cat sitting on top of it.
A white minivan is parked on the side of a snowy road. 
A woman standing in a room holding a cup
Dozens of kits fly in into the wind next to a mountain. 
The kitchen is equipped with a modern oven.
A man who is standing by several surfboards. 
A refrigerator with a bunch of notes on the fridge.
A man is on a bicycle and is holding a bottle. 
A pelican is in the kitchen and is looking at something cooking on the stove. 
A simply decorated bathroom with a note on the toilet. 
a person on a yellow and black bike riding in the woods
some bicycles in a rack and some buildings 
A plane with passengers entering via a set of stairs
A sink in a bathroom with bathroom accessories. 
a couple of cars parked in front of houses
A simple kitchen with a microwave, stove, and wood cabinets
A well maintained kitchen with a refrigerator and a microwave.
a smal home with a little kitchen and a dining room 
Two people cycling on a road as others walk by 
a commercial kitchen with all steel appliances inside
Some guys are stand in by some mopeds and talking.
Three photos of two bathrooms and a kitchen.
A bus sits idle at a public bus stop
A kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories.
A dog sits in the basket of a bicycle propped up in front of a store window.
Arms and hands holding onto the bars of a bicycle.
A clean kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories. 
A cat in the rear window of a vehicle.
An elderly woman writes on a sticky note in front of caged animals. 
Starbucks coffee and food are on a table with a view of the street outside.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and white towels hanging on the towel racks.
The kitchen is empty except for a few items on the counter and shelf. 
A kitchen with all white appliances and cabinets and a dining table.
A crosswalk photo focusing on the wheels of bikes
A large white building is on a street corner.
A three story white building with cars parked on the street in front of it.
A unmaintained bathroom with graffiti on the toilet and toilet paper dispenser.
A few people are hanging out and appreciating their time. 
A dark green painted kitchen with white cabinets
A kitchen with a white refrigerator and a large window.
A car stopped at a red light with other cars passing through an intersection.
A surf board shop with an assortment of different boards. 
A kitchen has white cabinets and a black countertop.
A group of bicyclists going together on the street. 
The corner counter space of a kitchen with white walls. 
There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.
A person wearing a gray striped sweater holds a cat.
Two people taking a photo of a restroom.
A group of motorcycles parked in front of a one way sign. 
A little girl in a field flying a kite in the sky.
A ski slope is covered with hundreds of people skiing.
Here is an outdoor view of the area.
A kitchen cabinet with a built in sink and microwave inside it.
A white door with a microwave on a counter nearby.
A bathroom scene with focus on the sink and mirror.
a toilet with a sign on it and a vanity
A man and woman preparing food on a food truck.
A young man riding a skateboard without a shirt on.
The body of water flows past the lavish building.
A person in skates on footpath in the garden.
A group of men standing around a motorcycle.
a camera mounted on  a helmet of a bicycle rider
A woman holding a cat next to her face.
a woman in a white sweater near a bird
some vases are siting on a red window ledge
A MAN GETTING PULLED FROM A BOAT IN THE WATER 
a group of bikes parked by a post next to people on a bench
Red Light at a street intersection with people present on the corner
A bunch of bicyclists are gathered on a street. 
a mirror a sink some pictures and a towel
a black and white checkered wall in a kitchen
A woman in a room holding a cup and a door behind her
a woman preparing food in a kitchen with chefs
a kitchen with a microwave, stove and countertop with spoons and containers
A small bathroom has a sink and tall mirror.
Two men in the bathroom whose photos are being taken.
A MAN DOING A BICYCLE TRICK AMONG OTHER BICYCLISTS
A sink, oven, clocks, toasters, microwave and blender
A kitchen has brown cabinets, beige countertops, and a white oven and microwave.
Cars are parked on a street outside a house.
A bathroom that is very tidy and has a sophisticated shower. 
A GROUP OF PEOPLE PULLING A MAN OUT OF WATER
The view into a small bathroom with a toilet and shower. 
A small bathroom with a sink and a washer.
A small bathroom with a sign on the toilet seat 
A kitchen with ovens, tables, benches and fridges
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and wood cabinetry.
A clerk is stocking bananas in a grocery store. 
A view of a kitchen in the middle of it is a plate and a knife.
A man at a bus stop with a bus with bike in front 
A woman stirs a pot of food while standing in a kitchen.
People are riding bikes on a street. 
An oven with its door open is next to a microwave. 
A photo of a bathroom in someones house.
a bathroom with a shower and toilet inside of it 
a open cabinet with a microwave an appliances inside it 
a cat stares out of the back of a car window 
An oven, sink, microwave and compartments in the kitchen
a fridge with some stickers on the door
a cat laying back in a car and staring out the window
a group of people on bikes ride down a city street 
a toilet sitting underneath a big window 
People are walking down the sidewalk in a storm,
A photograph of a bathroom inside a home.
a bunch of kites fly through the smokey air 
A photograph of a kitchen inside a house.
a couple of people are on a small boat
Kitchen scene featuring stainless steel appliances and tile countertop
A white kitchen with an oven and sink
a man is riding a bike with an umbrella
a restaurant kitchen with a lot of silver tables in it 
a bunch of people are standing in the snow
a glass wall to a shower in a bathroom
a man is touching some food in a market
A group of parasailers move through choppy waters. 
A washroom with a sink and a mirror,A vase is kept on the sink.
The bathroom basin is much lower than the shelf.
This kitchen has marble counter tops, a hardwood floor, and wooden cabinets. 
A kitchen has a stove, a sink and a microwave.
A dining and kitchen area, apparently from an older home.
a man is sitting on the back of a red and black bike
A man rests his head on another man's shoulder for a photo.
some cubbies with towels in a blue bathroom
a bathroom with fancy sink in the corner
some people riding some bikes down the road 
a man sitting on a little red motorcycle
some kites flying high in the sky above the beach
a bathroom with a lot of towels and big mirror in it
a big crowd of people walking in the snow on their skis
a brown bathroom a sink a mirror and bottles
a mirror a light a toilet some towels and a sink
A person flying a kite high in the sky.
A long,clean and spacious kitchen with microwave and other gazette.
Black and white close up of cat's face and woman's face.
a couple of urinals that are on a wall
A group of para sailors out in the ocean. 
The shower is compact with a modern, highly functional design.
a shirtless male skateboarder some grass and plants
a red and white bus a bicycle and some people
A woman is carrying a container on her head and a man is reaching for it.
A dash-cam view of a town street intersection at dusk. 
This is a picture of a remodeled  kitchen.
A boy wearing a helmet and backpack walking a bicycle on a city street.
A kitchen has a stove,microwave, and wooden cabinets.
This is an unused bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
A clean full bathroom with double sinks and standing shower.
Man sitting on a ski bike with another man looking on.
A public restroom with three sinks and several stalls.
This kitchen has a black and white checkered tile backsplash and blonde wood cabinetry.
A bathroom with a sink and black vanity beside a white toilet.
A person riding a paddle board down a river by a building.
The bathroom sink, shower and the kitchen are all featured here.
A man riding a bicycle, holding a cup and an umbrella in the rain.
A kitchen with a stove, oven and counter in it.
A big cat resting on a pillow on a womans lap.
A bathroom with a mirror, sink and window.
A kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and shelving with various items.
A bathroom that has a double sink, walk in shower and tiled walls and flooring.
A person grabs a container from a woman carrying it
A woman commuting on her bicycle during rush hour.
A kitchen counter with four burners that are in front of a tray with an illustrated cat design.
the woman is shown with a heron behind her
the small kitchen is defined by colorful blinds
the bathroom has an antique mirror and bright lights
A bathroom with a sink, tub, shower head and mirror.
A kitchen with a sink, counter, cabinets and a dish rack. 
The shower stall has a bench to sit on
A bathroom with a shower curtain, shelves, a toilet and a tissue holder. 
A cat laying upside down in the back of a car. 
A kitchen with white painted cabinets and black counter tops
A woman playing with a cat while lying on the floor
The view of a bike trail taken from the rider's perspective.
A picture of a large kitchen with wooden cupboards.
A shelf is full of kitchen items such as a microwave and coffee pot.
A person standing on a ski on a river near a building.
A man is riding his bike in the rain with an umbrella.
A hotel bathroom is well maintained and looks clean.
a person standing in a field wearing a back pack next to some bikes
A shower, bathroom sink and kitchen sink inside of a residence.
A man is standing by a display of surfboards.
A shower is made of wood and will not warp.
A woman cook is stirring a pot of food.
People are standing at a city cross walk.
A man is sitting on a Honda motorcycle.
A man in a blue riding outfit has a bicycle.
a man standing on the beach flying a kite
A woman in a brown sweatshirt has a cell phone.
A man sitting on a scooter is talking to another man.
People are riding bicycles and walking across an intersection.
People are taking cell phone photos in a bathroom. 
A taxi is pulled over on the side of the road with a cat on the window.
A cat tray next to a cook top in an empty kitchen.
A home kitchen with mismatched white dirty cabinets
A man is in a kitchen wearing an apron.
A man riding through city traffic on a motorcycle.
A bathroom sink and vanity with toiletries on it.
A bus is parked at a bus stop for people to board
A middle aged man is posing with a small Honda motorcycle.
An empty bathroom with a toilet seen through a mirror
A restroom with a bathtub, toilet and open window
Two men in a showroom for snow skis.
In the bathroom, there is a toilet with a note on it.
A girl plays with a cat on the ground
A truck on the side of the road with an animal on it
Starbucks coffee and pastry can be seen in front of a window
A woman standing over a bike next to a silver car.
A clean kitchen filled with kitchen appliances like a refrigerator and a stove. 
A man standing next to his bike off a side road.
A blue kitchen with a hardwood floor and lots of appliances
a blurry photograph taken on someones bike on a bike path 
A woman holds an umbrella during the rain.
An older man preparing to ride his Honda motorcycle.
An open door leading to a restroom with a toilet and sink
A bathroom is in the middle of being renovated.
A lady writes on paper near many colourful cages
Many people near a river gathering around in a circle
There is a large meal being prepared on a table. A woman in the background is cooking on the stove. A person is setting the gravy on the table. 
A man wearing a black jacket with his hands crossed.
A woman stands over a pot and stirs it.
A picture of a girl with her arms extended outwards
A person can be seen working on a desk from a distance
A toilet with a very full trash can 
A woman in a brown sweater holding a phone.
A silver mirror hangs above a sink in a bathroom.
A girl dances with a bird up above.
A kitchen is viewed in red light through the window.
A toilet in a public bathroom reflected in a mirror.
A person is walking with their dog in a backpack in the park.
A busy street is filled with cars and motorcycles.
A person is at a desk by some colored bins.
The bathtub enclosure looks like it has been paneled with wood.
group of five people sitting in restaurant booth table
A refrigerator  in a kitchen with a large caddy magnet on it.
A man wearing sunglasses next to a shopping cart full of tennis balls.
A cat is under the back of a car.
A man flies a rainbow kite on the beach.
Very basic bathroom area with toilet, sink and pull shower
A bathroom with a toilet and a white sink.
A man sitting on a bus while holding a laptop.
A woman holding a cup smiling for the camera 
A woman is laying on the ground with a cat.
A white toilet sitting next to a shower in a bathroom.
A bathroom being remodeled filled with construction supplies.
a bathroom  with a big shower stall in it 
A parking meter sitting on the side of  a street.
a kitchen with a checkerboard pattern wall 
Vehicles and pedestrians on busy street environment in city.
A kitchen with a stove to oven next to a window.
A beautiful young lady riding a bike across a street.
A small kitchen with wood cabinets, a stove, microwave, fridge and plant.
A group of friend sitting at a table together.
A mirror sitting over a bathroom sink near a toilet.
Bathroom with double sinks and all white cabinets with blue mats.
A lady standing in a room wearing a black tshirt and holding a blue cup.
A street with restaurants and shops with Italian flags.
A group of men trying to pull another man up onto a dock.
One person flying a kite in the bright blue sky.
Motorcycles are able to maneuver through city traffic.
Well kept bathroom area with flowers in vase displayed on counter.
A family celebration is always a nice memorable event.
Open cabinet reveals kitchen amenities in small space.
A biker with a helmet and biker shorts.
A bathroom counter with personal hygiene products on it.
a bathroom with holding bars has a built in unit
A hard day in the kitchen produces an awesome meal.
The bathroom is equipped with two seperate basins.
A black rectangular bathroom mirror against a wall.
a man with no shirt skate boarding down a street 
Silverware sitting inside three wooden boxes next to each other. 
A bathroom with a whit sink and brown toilet lid.
A person riding a bike by cars parked at the side of a road in a city.
A man standing on top of a lush green hillside.
A white bathroom sink sitting under a mirror.
a vanity made of marble with the sink sitting on top
A plain, empty kitchen wit a light turned on
A parking meter sitting on the side of a street.
A man standing beside a basket of tennis balls.
THIS IS A PICTURE OF A KITCHEN WITH A LARGE FLOOR PLANT
A bathroom with a wood paneled bathtub and shower.
Elegant public restroom with row of sinks and stalls.
a white bathroom with a tub, a sink and wood framed picture under the sink mirror
There was a lot of organizational effort put into planning this kitchen. 
a person in a collared shirt standing next to a bicycle 
A kitchen with many fans and counter space
A small kitchen done in all white and green with the exception of the stove.
A kitchen with white appliances, wood floors, and blue walls.
Many people walking with umbrellas in hand while it rains
Back in the 1960's there weren't many bicyclists on the road.
Bathtub, sink and vanity all white in color.
a person in cyclist clothing and a helmet standing next to a bicycle
a bathroom with a silver mirror above a white sink with a wood countertop
a woman is walking down the street in a sweater
A clean bathroom with hanging towels and tissues
Sunny modern bathroom with sinks and closed toilet.
a person sitting on a bicycle like object in a showroom
A woman that is holding a cup in her hand and standing.
Hand lotion bottles and soap are arranged around a bathroom sink.
A skate boarder flipping his board on a paved courtyard by a fountain
Airline pilots walking in a protest march in a big city
A biker smiles next to his bike on the sidewalk
A worker arranges banana in a fruit display at a super market.
An umbrella attached to the side bar of a bicycle.
A man sitting next to a woman in front of a laptop computer.
A man preparing food while standing in a kitchen.
A bathroom with a window sitting above a shower.
A pretty young lady laying on a floor next to a cat.
A man riding a blue motorcycle down a street.
A man sitting on top of a bike in a building.
A woman looking into a pot full of liquid on a stove.
the bathroom has a toilet, 2 sinks, and some rugs.
A busy street with many cars and a parking meter.
A white toilet sitting in a bathroom with mans head mounted on the wall behind it.
A kitchen with a dishwasher, sink and counter top.
Women talking and working in a casual kitchen
A woman reaching out and a bird flying are pictured.
A window in a kitchen with a red shade is shown.
A black and white photo of a parking meter. 
Looking across the open living room area from a modern kitchen
A well-furnished bathroom with mirror, sink and toilet is shown.
A young man is skateboarding outside of the fountain. 
A person sitting in a car seat with a cat in their lap.
a red light on a pole on a busy street
This is an excellent example of a clean and orderly industrial kitchen.
Two people are working on putting together a large meal in a kitchen.
A white household refrigerator with a magnet that holds mail.
A high end bathroom is depicted in this scene.
A kitchen with granite counter tops that opens to the living room.
A group of women standing in a kitchen near a window.
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard
Looking into a residential rest room with sink and toilet
A bathroom with toilet and sink with a window cracked open.
An older man and a boy are on the beach with their surf boards. 
A kitchen with a sink, toaster, microwave and counter top.
A wine glass with just a small amount of wine in the bottom.
A young man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
a bathroom in the process of being remodeled 
A couple of men standing around an exercise wA couple of men standing and sitting around an exercise bike with a green neon light.
A reflection of a bathroom door, and toilet.
a wine glass with a little wine and the bottle
A lady in a summer top talking on a cell phone. 
A man walking a brown dog across a street.
The kitchen counter in an apartment overlooking a city
A close shot of the bathroom mirror with a flower vase. 
A white in a bathroom sitting above a white toilet.
Four friends posing for a photograph in a small coffee shop
A shower and sink in a bathroom with lots of glass.
A bathroom with a walk in shower and a weird looking toilet.
A cat sitting on the hood of a taxi parked on a snowy street
A man in tight clothing standing next to a bike.
A pile of paper towels sits beside a toilet.
A man riding a bike down a street with a little girl on back.
Woman on a bike in traffic waiting to move forward.
A bathroom with a white sink sitting in a counter.
A kitchen with a counter line with stools.
A woman with glasses holding an umbrella in front of a tall building.
A man flying a kite and holding a dog on a leash on a field.
A sign showing a man standing on top of a motorcycle.
A city street line with lots of tall buildings.
A sign indicates that no motorcycles are allowed.
A kitchen with lots of counter top space.
Handicapped bathroom fitted with a rainfall shower head.
A young child flying a kite while standing on a sidewalk.
A small child eating noodles from a bowl in a kitchen 
A cluttered bathroom has missing walls and supplies everywhere.
A bathroom contains bowls, sandals, shelves and towels.
A door leads to a small bathroom with white furnishings.
The open cabinet doors reveal a microwave, sing and stove top.
A kitchen is completely decorated in white and black.
A man is taking a picture of a woman holding a puppy.
A modular shower stall and heated towel rack in a bath room
A man with a wide eyed look with an apron on in a kitchen.
A structure covered in posters next to people riding bikes.
A group of people riding on the backs of horses.
Bathroom and kitchen pictures in which everything is white.
A bathroom sink and toilet shine in the sunlight.
A kitchen filled with lots of metallic appliances.
An Asian baby feeding himself noodles from a bowl.
A kitchen with counter space and a sink. 
A small bathroom contains a sink and toilet.
The young shirtless man rides his skateboard on the road.
A house is cluttered with remodeling tools and items.
A guy on a skateboard in front of a water fountain.  
a kid using a spoon eating from a plate
Four women sit at two separate tables in a cafe.
Parking meter on sidewalk across street from city businesses.
some people making food in a little food truck
A man stands beside a basket of tennis balls on a cloudy day.
Tightly placed bathroom amenities with blue tiled wall.
Woman wearing scarf and holding umbrella in outdoor environment.
A sink sits beside a toilet in a bathroom.
OK, let's have a look at the recipe that we need to make dinner.
A woman carrying her cell phone while walking down the street
A clean bathroom with a toilet, sink, and mirror.
Several signs with the word "ants" are posted next to each other.
Several people wear helmets while sitting on horses.
A kitchen area has bar and a multitude of decorations.
Man flying a multicolored kite with cliffs in the background.
A couple of females smiling at the camera in a cafe.
Vehicles traveling on roadway near intersection with traffic signals.
Very nice looking kitchen with light colored wood cabinets.
Food on kitchen table and food cooking on the stove. 
A kitchen with a white and black stove top oven.
A woman holding a brown puppy in her hands.
A bathroom with windows, sinks, a toilet, and rugs. 
Slightly messy bathroom with a blue/green toilet and blue tile floor.
A public toilet bowl in a handicapped restroom stall.
A walk in shower sitting next to  a towel rack.
A bathroom contains a toilet, sink, and towel rack.
A modern home usually has a modern kitchen island in it.
A white kitchen with a black stove painted kelly green
a stove covered with some black pans 
A white toilet bowl is surrounded by a toilet paper rack and a white trash can.
View of a kitchen with a sink, refrigerator, and small appliances. 
A man is seated on a motorbike, on a path that runs past an ornate building, bordered by ornamental trees, speaking to a man in a long red garment, while other people move close by and in the distance.  
Several women in a kitchen area, with two of them looking at a paper
A urinal and toilet bowl in a slate rest room
A sink in the bathroom next to an open toilet.
He is trying to pick out the best fruit for a customer.
A female face is pressed (just beneath the nose) against the back of a cat's head. 
A man paddle boarding on a city river
A bathroom with white walls and blue rugs.
Kitchen scene of prepared dinner of ham, potatoes and broccoli waiting to be served
A little girl in a deep pink jacket rides on the back of her mother's bicycle.
A man walking his dog in the park.
A bright green kitchen with white cabinets, a white refrigerator, and a black stove.
A bathroom with sinks, stalls, trash cans and mirrors.
A bathroom with lavish blue and gold tiles, blue walls, and a mirror with a tiled frame.
Outside, in a residential area, there is a large cracked sign with a negative symbol and a graphic depiction of a man and a motorbike. 
a room with an oven and some lights on
a couple of cars are parked next to a street
A kitchen with a sink, oven, stove and microwave.
A man taking a picture of a woman holding a puppy.
Several cars travel on the street beneath a traffic light.
a room with an oven and a cooker
A bin attached to a refrigerator holds several different things.
a room with an oven and well cleaned
a woman holding a brown dog on the street
Three women are standing in a kitchen reading.
a kitchen and dining room with a table chairs and counter on large tile
An arrow shaped trolley pulls out from the corner of a kitchen cabinet
A black and white cat hiding underneath a car.
A traditional style neatly furnished kitchen and living room.
A man standing on a beach next to a child holding a surfboard.
a bathroom view of a sink, and toilet on a tiled floor
some black and white checkered walls in a home kitchen
a woman is holding up a small puppy
A metal sink sitting in a kitchen with a metal faucet.
A white bathroom sink sitting under a soap dispenser.
A woman on a bike with a helmet on.
A clean and stainless steel industrial sized kitchen area.
The cat hiding under the car looks afraid.
Looking out of the window presents a hazy view of the town.
A woman sitting at a table holding a piece of cake on a plate.
A girl looks at the camera from behind the head of a cat.
It almost looks like the dog is holding the kite string.
A man riding a bike down a street past a red car.
a woman is making food in a blue bowl
a fridge and oven in a home kitchen
some wood cabinets and chairs in a kitchen
A beautiful woman with with nice breast talking on a phone.
some wood cabinets in a large home kitchen
a black and white oven in a kitchen
A small blue kitchen with white and off-white appliances and drawers.
A handicap accessible toilet in a public restroom.
A guy and a girl cooking in back of a truck. 
A few various signs hanging on the concrete arch. 
People taking a ride on their horses in a field. 
Man standing in field near bikes with small crowd gathered in background.
A toilet and urinal with a tiles wall and bars for support
Kitchen staff preparing meals in commercial facility area.
Woman riding bicycle on country path near wooded area.
A woman holding an umbrella over her head.
A woman riding a peculiar looking bike across a street. 
A wine bottle was uncorked and white wine was poured into the wineglass.
A white toilet seat next to a white garbage.
a man sitting on a electronic device with his skiing gear
A man with sunglasses on standing next to a basket of tennis balls.
A little boy that has a spoon with food on it.
A peacock lamp sits on the counter of this elaborate bathroom.
The bathroom is decorated in mostly white with a bright pink accent shelf behind the toilet.  
A toilet that is sitting next to a urinal.
A toilet with a full trash can next to a sink.
A windows reflection that shows a car in it.
A bathroom with a tub connected to a pool with some sinks inside.
A car that is sitting in the street.
A woman on a bicycle riding through a wooded trail.
A stainless steel refrigerator next to a stove with towels on it.
A desk holding cards and books next to a counter with seating.
A very posh bathroom with a walk in shower.
A small kitchen space with a small stove.
The wall in the bathroom has a lot of graffiti on it.
A young child that is sitting on a motorcycle.
An asian child is eating noodles with a fork with help using his own hands in the kitchen.
Neon lights make their bicycles different from others.
A man with a surfboard standing next to a child with a surfboard.
A bathroom with a wall urinal and a toilet in it.
A little boy that is standing in the dirt with a kite.
A mirror that is on the wall in a bathroom.
A man who is working on a laptop.
A photo with a tint of the kitchen with wooden cabinets.
A parked blue bike with a red umbrella buckled on the body.
Inside of a bathroom with a shower and sink.
A bathroom overlooking an outdoor space that includes a pool.
A kid in black glasses pretends riding a red motorcycle.
A group of cyclists are riding their bikes in a race. 
Inside of a bathroom with a toilet and tile floor.
A man's head that is in a bathroom stall.
The kitchen and living area of an apartment.
Is the cat looking out of the back window of a car?
a kitchen with a long counter and a painting on the wall above 
A black and white cat underneath a car with a concerned look.
a cat laying under the back end of a car
a kitchen in an apartment with a mess on the counter
A bicyclist rides past cars parked along the street.
A kitchen is well lit by three hanging pendant lights.
a man working on a laptop on a bus
Close up view of a large glass of wine.
A cat that is sitting on someone's lap.
A man who is watching some cooks make sandwiches.
A bicycle in a store window reflecting images of the cars and building across from it.
A group of women who are sitting at some tables.
A store employee arranging bunches of bananas in the fruit and vegetable section.
A bunch of torn pink posters on a low bridge.
A few people on horseback turned away from the camera.
A wall with several poster pasted on it.
Various people in helmets riding various horses while other people are walking around.
A stainless sink next to a stainless preparation table.
A woman rides a bike through a cross walk as others walk past.
The new wallpaper pattern in the bathroom is almost complete.
A metallic stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
A very small bathroom with a toilet and a plunger and a random face. 
Inside of a kitchen with a stainless steel oven and cabinets.
A large kitchen with two white ovens sitting next to a white microwave oven.
A group of pilots walking across a city street.
A room that has a kitchen and a shelf with glasses and different alcoholic drinks on it.
some towels sitting on a rack above a toilet 
A washroom with a toilet and a rack with bottles,tub,bucket,towel etc.
The man with the microphone is grabbing hands with the man on the bike. 
A microwave that is on a small table.
A rack in a kitchen that has ladles and spatulas on it.
A bathroom that has a lot of exposed pipes.
Woman in the kitchen making something to eat.
Woman sitting near a table eating a cake.
There is a double sink in the room and a pool right outside. 
Person preforming a stun on a skateboard in the park.
Two frying pans are sitting on the stove top.
A skateboarder with a red hat is riding his skateboard to walk his dog.
An open toilet seat sits next to a bedet in a bathroom.
A car riding away from a set of traffic lights.
A modern looking area leading to a pool and jacuzzi
A pull out cabinet in a kitchen with chips and drinks.
A bathroom with dual sinks and a toilet with a wooden lid.
A kitchen with an old pink wall oven.
A skateboarder taking a rest against a wall.
A glass filled with wine on top of a table.
The kitchen is decorated in a simplistic style.
a kitchen with a tall spice rack built into the wall 
A bike sitting behind a display window 
A large kitchen with an abundance of white cabinets.
The fancy bathroom features a raised white basin.
A young man on a skateboard walking his dog.
The kitchen is equipped with all the right appliances.
Road warning sign posted outside large red building.
A bathroom with a toilet, shower head, sink and mirror.
 A child is flying a kite near a group of buildings. 
Young boy standing next to walk way flying toy kite.
cooking utensils hanging on a lazy susan 
The metallic kitchen sink is made of silver metal.
City traffic on large boulevard shown at dusk.
A picture of a stainless steel stove that is in someone's kitchen. 
a toilet some towels toilet paper and a counter
The sign show a motorcycle and a person standing above it. 
A bike is parked by boxes and a cart on the street.
A couple of metal tables sitting in front of a cooker.
A parking meter at the curb of a city street.
A cat on a leash sitting on the door step of a house.
A person with backpack standing in a large yard between two bicycles laying on the ground.
a kitchen with a blue wall and some boxes by the cabinets 
Bicycle parked near carts outside of busy warehouse.
a sink and towel rack reflected in the mirror
Man with young boy carrying surfboards at beach.
A kitchen is not neatly maintained and no one is around.
Inside of a kitchen with a table and cupboard.
A man in a kitchen smiles holding a large drink lid.
A sink that is very close to a toilet.
A white basin and vanity and a full wall mirror.
a woman in a red shirt  stirring a blue bowl of food
A steel sink stands beside a pair of clean shelves.
A man on a skateboard holding a leash of a dog.
A man with a chef's knife dicing green pepper.
A man who is standing next to a bicycle.
A steel gas range stands beside wood cabinets in a kitchen.
A young girl on the cover of Life Magazine rides a bike-powered plane.
A car driving through the city on cloudy day.
a gray parking meter some cars wires a street and buildings
a black brown and white cat an orange leash and a bicycle
A pair of rolled up yellow towels sit on a bathroom counter.
A view of several cars tail lights on a busy city street. 
a toilet a toilet brush some hand rails and a light
a kitchen counter covered with assorted food and bowls 
A young boy using a pair of green handled scissors.
a woman sitting in a seat with a cat in her lap
Empty kitchen with bread and knives left on counter
a telephone pole cars traffic lights trees and clouds
A filtered image of a man using a laptop while on public transportation.
a kitchen with stoves ovens counters and a clock
The antique car is parked at the side of the road.
A vintage photograph of a woman on a bicycle driven flying machine.
a kitchen with a fridge and table inside of it 
The kitchen has a cluttered countertop and different lighting. 
a young kid using scissors on a piece of paper 
A woman peaking from behind a tabby cat.
The kitchen has a stove, and a microwave in it.
Through the front window is a person by a bike and people near a truck. 
a small kid watches a kite fly in that air 
The small kitchen has a refrigerator, and a dish washer.
A person's camera flashes in the mirror of the small bathroom.
a toilet sits in a bathroom next to a sink 
some red and white cabinets a silver stove and bottles
The bathroom is white and has exposed pipes. 
A washing machine is in this small kitchen.
A toilet and sink are seen in this dirty bathroom.
a person rides a mountain bike through a forest 
A man talks on his cell phone as two chefs prepare plates of food.
A modern toilet and white waste can are seen here.
A man standing in the grass next to his bike
The person is happy to be riding in the fire truck.
The large room near a kitchen has many chairs near two tables.
The woman is crossing the street riding her small wheel bicycle.
the child is riding on the back of the bicycle.
The kitchen is being used to cook a meal. 
The woman is cooking at the kitchen stove.
A man carrying a surfboard walks toward a child with a bodyboard.
Women holding a plate of birthday cake while sitting.
a woman takes a pic of a sink 
A kitchen with blue walls and a cluttered counter.
The kitchen counter has a cutting board with chopped vegetables on it.
A teenager sits resting against a wall with his skate board across his ankles.
a man sitting at a table and using his laptop 
a man smiling as he rides in truck 
A man in a tuxedo holding a plastic disk with "pre-sweetened" written on the side.
a blue car is turning down a busy street
A man and a woman conversing on a boardwalk over the ocean
a bunch of people walking in a cement court yard
A kitchen set adjacent to a dining room with long tables and many chairs.
An old gray car parked outside near a bench. 
Two people high-fiving at an event for bikes. 
A small bathroom with green toilet and clothing line.
a man is wearing sunglasses on a bicycle
There Is no image here to provide a caption for.
a silver oven some pots pans a knife and cabinets
A mans head mounted over a public restroom's toilet.
A lady is sitting at a table holding a plate of food. 
a reflection of a woman in the rearview mirror of a car
The parking meter is in front of a cityscape of buildings. 
A cat wearing a leash is sitting on the steps to a place. 
The two sinks are in front of a long bathroom mirror.
a parking meter indicating time left over in front of a street with moving cars
a cat sits on a stoop tied to a door
some chairs and a table an oven and some cabinets
The biker wearing a helmet is traveling down a wooded trail.
The cabinets in the large kitchen are opened.
A man is peeing and has his behind exposed. 
The man is stretching his arms up in the doorway.
a tiny, cramped bathroom with a toilet and bathtub and shower 
A bicycle standing on the side of road
The kitchen is clean and ready for us to use.
a bicycle competition with a large group of bikers riding along a road beside some grass and a church buidling
A washroom with toilet and a bath tub.
A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.
A couple of men riding bikes down the middle of a road.
A picture of a very small kitchenette in someone's apartment. 
A very small and plain looking bathroom that's in someone's house. 
The drink bottles and snacks are stored in the cabinet on wheels.
A person with a white jacket and bkue backpack is walking a bike.
An old American car is parked outside of a building
The man is using the toilet with the bathroom door open.
a person uses a knife to cut up some bell peppers 
a kitchen with a stove and counter top on it 
A guy wearing a suite is holding something that says presweetened. 
A corner kitchen cupboard containing drinks and snacks
Four women sitting at two tables with drinks. 
a person on a bike with a kid on the back 
a black counter a stove a sink and some white cabinets and lights
A parking meter with a city in the background and cars driving by
A brown and white cat on a leash outside on a set of steps
a young kid is doing a skate board trick
The kitchen and laundry room were right next to the living area.
A young man sits with a skateboard against a wall.
A girl poses with glasses, a knife, and an onion.
Person in a kitchen mixing something in a bowl with a utensil.
Bathroom with window in the shower and wall mirror.
a silver oven and stove and some brown cabinets and bottles
a photo of a kitchen that is pretty small
a dingy looking bathroom with a dirty sink
two toilets  some toilet paper a sink and a mirror
a blue kitchen with an old looking stove
A kid is sitting with his skateboard across his legs.
A bicyclist stops in a crowded intersection amidst cars
The elderly man smiles in the passenger seat of a fire truck.
a white refrigerator a black microwave and some clothes
a sink a toilet a window and a towel rack
A man stands near his bicycle at the police station
The small kitchen has a window above the sink.
A stainless steel sink is next to shelving in a room. 
some buildings cars and a blue bicycle and trees
The kitchen counter has bowls and a loaf of bread on it.
The skateboarder is offering a very intense pose.
some stools pans a potted plant a light and some shelves
A lamp is hanging over a table in a kitchen. 
A MAN AND A WOMAN CROSSING A STREET ON THEIR BIKES
a glass of ice water sitting next to a wine glass 
A refrigerator sits next to clothes and a dryer
This small bathroom has stainless steel accessories 
a black and white photo of a young girl on a bike and people around watching 
Several pilots walking as a group across a street.
a bathroom with a sink that has two yellow towels rolled up beside it
An image of a white kitchen with black counters and stainless steel appliances
a kitchen that is one with the dinning room and the living room near by 
a sink a mirror a toilet and a window
a plain white bathroom with small personal care items lined on the bare white counter 
A young woman poses on a bicycle that has wings attached
a white toilet in a rocky looking bathroom
A white bath tub sitting in a room with two windows,
two hands a knife and some green pepper on a wooden table
A woman showing her plate full of dessert at a table where a couple of people are sitting.
a couple of wood cabinets in a small kitchen
a bathroom with a big shower next to the toilet
A food counter area, with a man and a woman behind the counter preparing food and a man on other side resting head on bent arm waiting with two plates and order slips on counter.
A woman holding up an orange knife and an onion.
A man cutting a green pepper with a knife on a wood table.
A bunch of guys with suits and hats on.
a little tv built into the wall by the bathtub
This kitchen has a washer and dryer in it
This toilet sits next to a white countertop
This man is inspecting this well kempt kitchen
The photo through a car windshield shows a car on a highway and a woman in the rearview mirror.
This all white bathroom has two separate sinks
a kitchen covered with a lot sof stuff onthe counters
a person chopping up some green pepperon the table
a kitchen with a stove, and sink with a hardwood floor
A man leaning and waiting in a doorway
This bedroom is adjoined next to a clean bathroom
a big kitchen with beige cabinets and dining table
a couple looking at a laptop on a desk
a man in a kitchen getting food in a big  tray ready
A kitchen with white cabinets, black counter tops and a white breakfast bar. 
This kitchen is designed with all wood features
a bathroom with dark tiling in iit and a pink bathtub
a bathroom view of a countertop toilet sitting on a tiled floor
a kitchen view of open cabinets and a counter sitting on a wooden floor
a lady in glasses in a car through a mirror
A person and a dog on a field with a kite.
A beautiful kitchen with a wine glass cabinet and wine storage.
A bicyclist gazes over the side of a city bridge.
A man skating on a pavement at the roof of a house
The various tools are on the turning holder.
A couple of men in a truck on a street.
The man is interested in a bike on the rack.
A black bicycle is parked near numerous packages and a hand trolley.
A bright yellow recumbent bike is parked at the edge of a dock.
A person with a knife and some food.
A little boy sitting on a motorcycle and pretending to ride it.
Packed boxes sit on the hardwood floor of a disordered kitchen.
A man chats on the phone while waiting for food workers.
A small and cluttered bathroom is decorated in shades of brown and white.
Traffic on a city street in the evening.
An antique gray car parked on a paved city street.
Two women walk out of a store in a city
A simple hotel bathroom with two sinks, free mini bottles of shampoo, and a hair dryer.
A man standing in the doorway of a large kitchen.
A skatebaorder performing a stunt near concrete steps.
A child concentrating hard on cutting paper with a pair of scissors.
A crowd of people watching a woman pose on an antique glider.
Cars are travelling down the steep curvy hill
A man is going to the bathroom with the door open.
A man with a bike talks with a woman on a bridge
A man holding the lid to a cooler while wearing a tux.
A tattooed girl with glasses holds an onion and a big knife.
A young woman in designer eyeglasses wears a scarf and carries an umbrella over her head.
a bathroom with a sink, mirror on a tiled floor with a door open
Large group of bicycle riders  during outdoor race.
a man standing in a door way extending his arms outwrds
View from tiny bathroom into attached hotel room.
Several vehicles traveling down a winding flower lined road.
Kitchen featuring gas stove with food related items on counter top.
a counter top having a couple of mug stacked on top of one another
A woman holding a bouquet of flower next to a stopped vehicle.
Various people are walking on the busy sidewalk.
A refrigerator sits in the garage with a dryer.
A small bathroom with a vanity, toilet and rack.
a kitchen view of a stove and refridgerator on a hardwood floor
A man and woman are talking while on the pier.
A filthy kitchen features dirt covered cabinets and stove.
A residential kitchen with a black and white stove and wooden cabinets.
A small kitchen with white walls and wood flooring.
two females standing in front of a mirror
a three wheeled bike sitting on a dock next to the water
Two women beside a bicycle near a body of water.
a bike sitting parked next to a cart in front of some boxes
A kitchen is open to the dining room and has a large counter.
A small bathroom with a vanity and personal items.
a kitchen with a black countertop and brown cabinets
Water and wine glass on a table at a restaurant
A motel bathroom is low on towels in the rack. 
A girl is taking her picture with an ipad in the bathroom.
A bicycle is parked next to the water on the street.
A large kitchen with cabinets, stove and counter tops.
A man and woman are seated on the park bench.
some pilots standing in line outside a building
A man and woman sitting on a bench.
A man on a motorcycle in the rain.
A man wearing sandals rides a motorcycle in the rain.
The glasses on the table have some wine left in it.
A neat white kitchen with white cabinets is illuminated by overhead lighting.
A yellow adult tricycle is parked on a pier.
The kitchen area was left a mess by the previous people.
The bicycle race is going threw town today.
The bicyclists race toward an old brick church.
The kitchen is clean and ready to for us to use.
A brightly lit bathroom features a green toilet and a geometric pattern.
A picture of a very clean and sterile bathroom.
Brake lights shine as a line of traffic moves through the city.
Ruined and displaced old stove in abandoned kitchen.
A young child holds a pair of scissors cutting something
A sink with bathroom items and a mirror in the back.
A stack of two coffee cups on the counter in a kitchen.
The kitchen has green floors and light wood cabinets. 
The kitchen has all white appliances in it
The kitchen is white with two pictures on the  wall
a bathroom with white walls and a brown cabinet
Vintage style bathroom with toilet and double sink. 
A person is riding a motorcycle in the rain.
a bathroom with half wall by the sink and shower
A man is standing in the door frame of a room. 
part of a bathroom next to a swimming pool 
A bathtub with silver hardware has a digital screen on one side of the wall.
A neat and tidy bathroom with a girl taking her picture through the mirror.
A large bathroom with a glass shower wall and vanity.
An intricately decorated bathroom with a peacock light lit.
black and white picture of people walking on a city street
Two cows standing on a sandy area while eating blades of grass.
This is a clean and well designed kitchen with stainless steal appliances.
This is a cluttered kitchen with moving boxes stacked.
A man skateboards alongside his dog on a leash.
A man holding a plastic container that says "pre-sweetend."
A man stands in a doorway inside a building with a white refrigerator on the side.
A skateboarder jumps up on a step on a pier.
Two towels hang from the handle of the electric stove.
some cars driving down a curvy road surrounded by plants 
A kitchen area with wooden cabinets and a stove, microwave and coffeemaker.
A man and a woman sit together on a bench.
A very small bathroom with a toilet and a shower.
A kitchen with accessories and electronics and pictures.
This is a small but inviting kitchen dining area.
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
A small bathroom without any personal items in it.
A woman in a trench coat walks alongside a yellow bicycle.
A well maintained and clean home kitchen with a coffee maker.
A kitchen with nice wooden cabinets and flooring, but with one cabinet door missing.
A kitchen counter, cabinetry and appliances all in white.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower
A small girl in pink rides on the back of an adult's bicycle.
A microwave and coffee machine are on a table under a mirror.
You can see the young girl in the bathroom mirror.
A large kitchen with white appliances and cabinets.
A very modern bathroom, featuring a bench and angular tub.
tricycle parked by the bay while people walk on the dock
A kitchen with a refrigerator, a microwave and an oven. 
Cars driving down a windy street with a lot of bushes and flowers decorating the edges.
A city street crosswalk with a pedestrian and traffic.
A man watching a child run after a soccer ball in the drive way.
Many cosmetic products are beneath the sink mirror in the bathroom.
A man drinking and talking to a women on a dock over looking the ocean.
The kitchen counter has a vase of flowers and a beer bottle on it.
A microwave on a small table under a mirror.
A closeup of some glass ware at a restaurant.
A glass and cup of water on a counter
a red sink in a small home bathroom
A man on a bike looking over a stone railing.
The person riding a motorcycle wears a red jump suit.
A room that has a table with chairs around it
a metallic fridge on a wood floor kitchen
a white food mixer in a home kitchen
The child in the pink shirt uses a pair of safety scissors.
a couple of women are walking down the street
A person holds up an onion and a chopping knife
A nicely furnished kitchen with no one in it.
An eat-in kitchen with pot lighting and pale oak hardwood floors and cabinets.
The kitchen and dining area of a home with wood flooring.
Two women take a picture of their reflection in a bathroom mirror.
This is a very clean, and white kitchen
Two coffee cups stacked together on the table.
A man shaving his face with a razor.
A washroom with sink, toilet and a mirror
A couple of women standing in front of a bathroom mirror taking selfies.
the microwave is on a small table with a bowl on it 
A grill in a kitchen topped with food as it cooks.
the kitchen is full of spices on the rack
A glass mirror cabinet is above the small bathroom sink.
A clean kitchen with several cabinets, a sink, a coffee maker, and a vase of flowers.
A man and woman sitting next to each other.
The woman stands on the cart behind a man driving it.
A series of white kitchen cabinets with a sink and espresso machine.
the kitchen has brown cabinets and a glass on the counter
A man and woman sitting on a wooden bench in front of a tree.
A man holding a baby and a bike with puppies on the grass. 
A kitchen with lots of black and white counter top space.
A young woman's reflection in a rear view mirror.
People playing with a soccer ball during the day.
A black and white stove top oven under a microwave.
A person with a red shirt and black shorts standing next to a bike. 
A man with helmet riding  a bicycle on a sidewalk
An old looking bathroom in white tones, with exposed pipes and single window.
A couple of paddle boats moving across a river.
A person riding a bike up a bridge near tall buildings.
A young child wearing glasses on top of a motorcycle.
A young woman wearing tight jeans and a tennis racquet.
Man and woman sitting at table viewing computer screen.
Man in kitchen preparing mixture for meat dish.
Bicycle locked to street post covered with several inches of snow at night.
A kitchen that has wooden floors and a bay window.
Two men on small tricycle in urban city.
A biker stands on the side of a bike path.
A TV monitor in the tile of a bathroom wall above the bathtub faucet. 
A line of bikes are shown that are identical.
A black and white residential kitchen with a breakfast bar
A frame is attached to a wall near a kitchen.
A girl by the side of the road selling flowers.
The bathroom is white and has a bathtub and a sink and toilet
A man playing a game of soccer with a young boy.
Someone taking a photo of a restroom's sink area.
A bed spring lies in a large bathroom.
A slate bathroom with two sinks, a toilet and a clear glass shower area
the white room is filled with many boxes
A man pees in a toilet in a bathroom
An empty mattress spring and toilet in a otherwise empty room.
A person is holding a very tiny pair of scissors.
This bathroom has a wood vanity with a white top, a toilet, and a bathtub.
Interior scene  of an old bathroom with a large mat on the floor.
someone is holing a very small pair of scissors in there hand
An old ancient outdoor/indoor bathroom with blue blinds.
A large kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a wooden floor.
A clean bathroom containing a vanity sink, toilet, and mirror.
A white bath tub with a metallic faucet sitting above it.
There is a bathroom with gray tiled walls.
A kitchen with many wood cabinets and grey appliances
A BMW is making it's way down a very curvy road.
This pink bathtub sits in the corner of a bathroom
Side mirror on car reflecting young girl in glasses smiling.
A women and man who are working on a laptop. 
A man who is pouring a yellow substance into a silver tray.
This messy bathroom has a green colored toilet.
Several people are using the sidewalk on this street.
the people are standing and taking a picture
A plain bathroom has all white furniture. 
A bathroom sink in a bathroom sitting next to a white toilet.
A photo of a red fire hydrant on a busy street. 
the bathroom is a tub that is pink 
A kitchen covered almost entirely in wood surfaces.
A picture of a clean bathroom with sliding glass doors for the shower and tub.
the bike is covered in snow on the sidewalk
Two rowing teams compete on the water in a river
A typical residential bathroom with glassed in tub, toilet and sink
A kitchen with many wooden cabinets and appliances
A red newspaper dispenser on the side of a city street.
A man and woman riding a bike in the street.
the person is bending over a bed 
A woman walking her bike on a busy sidewalk.
A man making a bed in a small compartment space.
A kitchen with counter, oven and other accessories.
A group of people are standing around in a kitchen cooking. 
Two women pose as one of them takes their picture in the bathroom mirror.
A man cooking food over an open flame.
A sink, toilet and mirror in a bathroom.
A couple of pictures showing a bathroom and a bedroom.
A small kitchen that utilizes all of its space. 
A young male walking through traffic holding on to two bikes.
The small bathroom has a bathtub in front of the toilet.
a view into a bathroom seeing a sink and amirror on tiled floor
A woman's left hand holding a tiny pair of scissors with the words "i love miniatures"
A man riding a bike past a blue train with upside down people on it.
A man stands near two cows as another man rides by on a bike.
A microwave, bread and rice are on this counter
A white toilet bowl is on a tile floor.
The grey and white cat is standing inside of the toilet bowl full of cat litter.
A person holds a tiny scissors in their hands
A kitchen filled with boxes and clutter with lots of windows.
A man puts his bycycle into a bike rack filled with other bikes.
This small kitchen has pots, pans and spices on display
A woman in a white coat walking a bicycle down a sidewalk. 
A man with his ass hanging out standing in a bathroom.
A man and his son playing with a soccer ball.
Two red coffee mugs are stacked on the counter.
It's a normal toilet, a toilet paper roll and a wastebasket.
A man riding a motor cycle in the rain with sandals on. 
people walking on a side walk and carrying bags next to a street
A plain hotel bathroom is shown with a hair drier.
a counter top that has a bunch of stuff on it
A man watching a child kick a soccer ball.
A man makes his bed in a dorm style room
A man who is on a bridge riding a bike.
A person and a bed in a room.
A blue convertible parked next to a yellow motorhome.
A man is holding a black and white umbrella.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
A white bathroom toilet sitting under a window.
A woman shows a man something on a laptop
A man fills a tin with a liquid substance. 
A woman taking a photograph of a uniquely decorated restroom sink area
a pink bath tub that is in a bathroom
A counter and some chairs in a room.
a kitchen view of a refridgerator, counter top and stove
Grilled cheese sandwiches done on a restaurant grill are extremely good.
Coffee cups stacked on top of a refrigerator in a kitchen 
a small little bathroom with a bathtub in it
a man on a pole with an umbrella
A black and white cat playing in a white toilet in a bathroom.
The two people are talking about items on the computer.
A scooter siting on the side of a wall overlooking a water way and a sail boat.
a woman and a man are standing over some kitchen stuff
a small white ink in a home bathroom
A kitchen with hard wood flooring and a sink.
The people are walking down a narrow alley.
A woman bending over in a kitchen near pots and pans.
A bike parked by the water with a boat.
Toilet and sink installed in beige bathroom with window
This is a stove in someones kitchen. 
A man sleeping on a bench near the shore
A woman on a street with a umbrella.
A women who is holding some flowers next to a car.
A long van sitting next to two other parked cars.
A sink, toilet and mirror inside of a bathroom.
A persons hand with some small scissors  outside.
A cat standing on a toilet in a room.
A man walking a bike towards a bike stand.
A pink oven situated in the middle of some drawers.
A man cooking sea food on an open grill with fire. 
A green parked on top of a gravel field.
Multiple appliances are arranged in a small, cluttered kitchen.
A kitchen with a table and appliances with pots and pans.
A bathroom that has a pink bathtub. 
Two guys are sitting inside of a firetruck. 
A young man riding a bike across a bridge.
A male restroom contains stalls, urinals, and sinks.
A metallic stove top oven with a tea kettle on it.
Two girls are looking in the mirror as one of them takes a photo.
This is a picture of a busy street in a city.
A vintage RV is parked next to other classic cars.
A stove and a refrigerator in a room.
A group of people camped out on the beach. 
A microwave and a counter in a room.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a stove top oven.
A white toilet sitting under a bathroom window.
A woman in an old-fashioned kitchen with pots and pans.
Many spoons and kitchen utensils are on the wooden rack.
It looks like a large dark animal in the bathtub.
A little girl riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A large clean kitchen with stainless refrigerator, wooden cabinets and table.
The person looks out over a bridge while on a bicycle.
A woman is preparing to hit a birdie with a racket.  
The man stands at the gate railing with a surfboard near parked bikes.
A woman standing next to a parked car near  stop sign.
A futuristic bike parked in front of a sail boat.
The chef is standing over a grill as flames jump from the food.
The people stand near a woman cooking a pancake.
A large white bath tub sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A bathroom area with a tiled tub and sink.
A cat is playing in a wash room.
The light is on in the small bathroom with a toilet and sink.
A view of a kitchen that appears to be very unique.
Someone is taking a picture of a bathroom with three sinks.
This is a picture of a stove in a kitchen.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.
A bathroom that has some stains on the floor.
A man in cold weather clothing walking along a beach.
A bathroom with a sink, cabinet, toilet, mirror and a roll of tissue in it.
The bicycle is parked against a wall next to an ocean beach.
A bike is parked next to a passing train.
A black and white photo of two people and several dogs in front of a bike.
A couple of hot women in short shorts holding umbrellas.
A large sink with three silver faucets on it
A futuristic bicycle in front of a body of water.
A black cat that is looking into a bathtub. 
A woman bending over near a drawer in a kitchen with pots on the floor.
A large, red statue in the middle of a busy sidewalk that is near stores.
A view of a bathroom in black and white.
a cat sitting inside of a toilet filled with grain
Kitchen with wooden floor and dark brown cabinets with messy counters.
A black and white photo of a woman cleaning dishes.
A large stove with some food in a room.
A room containing appliances, clothing and other things.
A doorway into a bathroom with a wall fixture.
Motorized scooter on ledge near lake with sail boat.
A big kitchen with lots of wooden cabinets.
a couple of people sitting on a wooden bench 
Pink dilapidated antique stove without burners in crumbling kitchen.
A chef using a grill with flames shooting
a couple of people are on a bicycle
a kitchen with a counter and stools inside of it 
A clean kitchen with a oven at waist level.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
a person on a bike looks over a bridge 
A view of a group of people rowing their boats in the water.
The room is crowded with a lot of boxes 
An older style motorhome in a car museum.
Several photos have been photo shopped in to the same photo.
Several campers are relaxing near a body of water
A man on a bike riding by a train with people painted on the windows.
a train can be seen from across a river
A woman is kneeling near some large buckets of food. 
A man is riding a bike next to a mural of upside-down people.
A group of people standing on top of a street.
A man with a laptop holds a conversation with a woman
A man and a woman discuss something on a laptop. 
This is a bathroom found in a hotel.
A person's bathroom is pictured in this mirror
Going for a ride through town on a pedicab.
some women are in the snow with umbrellas
A person cooking food on a portable stove. 
A picture someones kitchen, microwave and food. 
This person has a large open kitchen in their house
This is a photo of someones bathroom. 
The interior decor in an average kitchen. 
Auto show displaying cars and unusual motor home. 
A white toilet sitting in a room next to a shelf.
A couple of people riding along side of a city bus.
A clean, white, empty bathroom layout picture. 
Commode with tiered shelving in bathroom of home.
A man on a bike carrying a surf board.
A kitchen with a metallic refrigerator freezers in a kitchen.
A man kneeling down next to several bowls of food.
A woman hitting a shuttle cock outside, with a racket.
A guy is mid fall while holding his umbrella. 
A man shaving his face with another man hiding behind him.
This kitchen is getting a new click lock floor.
A surfer over looks the ocean from a cliff. 
A pair of cows feeding in front of a water source.
A griddle with food being cooked on top
A man pushing two bikes crosses the road. 
A view of a kitchen with a  mixer on the table.
The bicycle show has definitely seen better times.
A parked bicycle out front of a market stand.
A floor mat on a bath room floor.
A red sculpture is on the sidewalk next to a city street.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A bike sitting in front of a beach in the evening.
A bike parked in front of a train station. 
A home kitchen with posters from Nashville, Tennessee
A couple of dear standing next to a river.
A group of people are standing under umbrellas in the snow. 
A bike parked in a room next to a table.
A white bathroom sink sitting under a mirror.
A red fire hydrant looking thing on a city street
An empty kitchen with wood-paneled cabinets and black appliances.
A bike covered in snow, in the middle of a street corner.
This photo depicts people walking through the snow with umbrellas.
a cluttered kitchen with a sink and wooden floors 
An orderly bathroom is seen in this picture.
A man holding a surfboard in front of a truck, while riding a bike.
Two people on the beach with bicycles and surf boards. 
a couple of women take a photo of a bath room 
The cat was leaning over the edge of the bathtub and looking in.
A couple of cows grazing near a walkway on which two people have stopped to watch them.
Two men are riding a bike cart using an umbrella for shade.
An attractive woman holding a badminton racket in a yard.
An arrangement of kitchen utensils on a countertop.
A bike leaning against a wall by the beach
A bike leaning against a fence by the railroad tracks
A man shaves his face in front of the mirror. 
Various bathroom equipment in a clean bathroom. 
An interesting camera viewpoint enhances the rustic bathroom.
A green bicycle with a black seat resting on wood.
A cat standing on its back feet looking into a bathtub
Several boats in a body of water with a crowd watching.
The man in the kitchen with the tall hat is a chef.
This is someones red and white bathroom in their home. 
A woman taking a swing at a birdie
A bathroom with two sinks and a toilet with two mirrors on the wall.
A small bathroom with tan walls and black waste basket.
A woman standing over a hot plate with two pans on it.
A woman kneeling down in front of a liquor bar.
A walk in shower sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A beautiful woman preparing drinks inside of a kitchen.
A persons reflection in  a bathroom mirror 
Two blue bikes parked in front of a building.
A kitchen with signs on the wall outside of it.
A bike parked on a board in a field.
A kitchen with art and a menu hanging on the wall
A girl selling flowers to a stopped car
A woman taking a picture of herself in front of the mirror.
Pedestrians wander up and down a narrow, mostly empty street with a large dome riding in the background.
A MAN IN THE ARMY STANDING HOLDING THREE DOGS 
a white toilet and a sink in a bathroom
A man posing for a black and white photo with an umbrella.
A large stove top with a tea kettle sitting on top of the burner. 
A VERY SMALL KITCHEN WITH A STOVE AND A SHELF OF POTS 
A MAN WORKING IN THE KITCHEN SETTING WITH FOODS 
A bicyclist stands looking across a bridge over a river going through a city.
a black counter top in a large bathroom
Two people stand watching as a third person kneels down to remove dishes from a cupboard with bottles on top.
A small girl reads a book on the floor of a room with a couch and chair.
a restroom contains a toilet and bathtub on ceramic floor tiles.
Two woman standing in front of a mirror near a sink.
A double bathroom sink with large lighted mirrors.
A woman is cleaning glassware in the kitchen.
A dusty, period style bathroom in dim light.
a woman is working in an old kitchen
a bike sits parked in front of a beach 
a bike sits parked in front of some train tracks 
This man is swinging on a light post holding an umbrella
This large bathroom has a tub and brown tiles
A white bathroom with large brown floor tiles.
A cat sitting on a toilet, next to a shower.
A group of women are standing out in the rain
Flooring in kitchen being replaced with wood floor.
A woman with a cake in a room.
A young man with short, spiked-up hair and a towel over his shoulder shaves as a man behind him in a white hat adjusts a tie.
A person on a bench in front of water with a bicycle parked next to the bench. 
A chef at a Japanese restaurant lighting a tower of onion rings.
a bathroom with a tub and sink inside of it 
These city workers are doing construction to the pavement
A couple of people riding segways in the city.
some people are traveling down the street in a city
A bath room with a sink, vanity, mirror and toilet with towels on shelves.
A man is walking on a beach near a body board.
These pots and pans are drying out together
a girl is outside with a pink umbrella
A stove and a refrigerator in a kitchen.
A white sink and a bath in a room.
Three slices of french toast and hash browns are cooking on a kitchen grill.
This green bike is sitting on a wooden board
Two women photograph themselves in a large mirror near a large industrial sink.
A bedroom and bathroom with furniture and accessories. 
A bicycle leaned against a wall with the beach in the background 
A bicycle parked beside a walkway while a train goes down the track
A man leaning on a rail with a surfboard next to it.
The old green bike is parked on the slab of wood.
This man is sitting on a ledge using a phone
A cat sitting on a toilet in a room.
A large pink bathroom with a vanity, toilet and tub.
A man on a bike rides next to a city bus.
A person with some bikes on a street.
A very dirty stove sitting in an unfinished kitchen.
A bike parked inside of a large train.
A white toilet and a sink in a room.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and stainless steel appliances.
A little girl reading a book on the floor of a purple living room.
A dirty, rusty corner of a bathroom through a window.
A restroom with a toilet, sink and mirror
A black and white kitchen with a bar seating area.
A kitchen has old white cabinets, and rice on the counter.
people not weaing shoes preoccupied by something in a red bucket
A young man is pushing two bikes up the street
This bathroom has a toilet and a metal rack
a nab is standing next to his surfboard
This bathroom is decorated with wood and has several mirrors
A bathroom that has a large shower area.
A bathroom with a vanity, two sinks, and large mirror.
A bed and a bath in a room.
Boxes and other items line the floor of a kitchen.
Workers patch holes in the street while some watch.
An older woman prepares food in a kitchen.
Several people are standing around in front of a shop at night.
The man is riding a bicycle next to a train.
A women holds a conversation with a man holding an apple computer.
The bicycle is covered in fluffy white snow.
A restroom with a toilet, sink and a shelf
Three sinks  and three small mirrors are in the room.
some wood cabinets in a large home kitchen
some people are standing by a small boat
A man is walking on the beach by a boogie board.
A male chef stands at a work station preparing food.
A person with some dogs on a leash.
A man walks by a surfboard on the beach as a child plays in the water.
A bike and some people on a street.
a small white oven in a home kitchen
The crazy haired man has a bottle of liquid.
A large bathroom has pink tiles on the walls and floor.
A very rustic bathroom, with a cherub painted on the wall.
a bathtub and toilet in a large bathroom
There are two bicycles parked on the sidewalk.
The people is sitting outside near the lake
A view of a very nice bathroom sink, with a bed in the background.
The woman is serving the girl a birthday cake.
A compact bathroom with a white commode and curve fronted shower stall.
A white toilet and a sink in a room.
An apartment is featured with the showing of the bedroom and bathroom.
a bike is buried in snow by a pole
Man pushing his bike on a busy city street. 
A little girl is reading a book in the living room.
A toilet and bathtub are seen in this old bathroom.
A bathroom with a long counter near a bathtub.  
a man that is on a bike with a surfboard
The people are enjoying the segways in the city streets.
a bunch of pictures on a wall next to a sink
The bikes are locked up in the sack by the ocean.
Bowl of fruit on placemat on wooden table in kitchen.
a man that has different kind of bottles 
A large metal refrigerator in a small room.
a red car has its break lights on at a red light
a small white toilet in a brick walled bathroom
People holding umbrellas walking in the snow covered street.
A blond guys on bicycles carrying their surfboards to the beach.
An old bathroom has a stone wall and two sinks.
A woman is posing in the kitchen drying a wine glass.
In an old photograph is a man holding a baby next to his old bike and three animals.
Bike with metal basket near man lying on bench at beach.
A bathroom with a white toilet, garbage can and a tall black tower shelf.
The two bikes was both blue in color
A woman standing in the middle of a room, in a black and white photo.
A woman is standing in a kitchen next to a counter.
A bike in the middle of a train, parked in a station.
A sink with a shower, and a decorated shower curtain.
A woman making food on the side of the road.
The men and the women was riding there motercycles
A kitchen has white cabinets outlined in black.
A kitchen with a tile floor and a refrigerator and a stove with two dish towels and a fan as a light.
a woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror
A bathroom has a toilet, tub, and window in it. 
A woman holding a cake on a counter top with a boy sitting nearby.
The man is walking at the beach in the water
A bicycle inside of a bicycle rack on a train.
A bathroom with a toilet and also a sink and walls.
a cook is standing by some food in a kitchen
A view of a bunch of dirties pots, near a sink.
A pot sitting on a stove, in a kitchen.
A stove is dirty and sitting in the middle of a room. 
A kitchen with oven, sink, and sliding glass door.
A bathroom has red walls and white and red tiles.
A man in uniform walking three dogs on leashes.
a white sink and shower in a bathroom
A corner shot of a public men restroom.
A bathroom with hand towel, mirror, and sink.
A bathroom with sink, window, and toilet in it.
a small bike is sitting in a room
A hotel bathroom with stand alone sink bowls and a walk in shower.
some wood cabinets are in a home kitchen
A hairless cat sitting on an owners chest in a living room.
a guy taking a break from his bicycle by laying on a bench
A clean kitchen counter with a microwave and some food.
a toilet a tub a shower a window and white tiles
A woman leaning against a counter in a kitchen.
a male and female couple a boat and water
A man riding a bike and carrying a surfboard.
three sinks two urinals towel rack and blue trash cans
Three people in a room next to a wet bar.
three people are on a white surf board water and sail boats
two surfers in wet suits and their bicycles
two brown white and black cats a girl and a red couch
The kitchen is equipped with all the newest appliances.
a bicycle a person lying on a bench water and clouds
A picture of a family on the beach with a trailer converted into a living area.
A woman in a restroom is checking her cell phone.
A chef cutting product in a stainless steel kitchen.
Outside, on an asphalt area surrounded by green vegetation, stands a large motorbike with a pair of smiling young men behind it. 
a black and white photo of a man woman and children and a table
a female in a black jacket a mirror and a cellphone
An old woman cooking in large pots. 
A group of people standing at a "English Beer and Wine shop". 
a male in a black shirt and a blue frisbee
a silver refrigerator some cabinets a sink and a stove
a male in a white coat bottles and black gloves
A bearded man in a red cap on a skateboard.
A female traveler leaning on a luggage cart.
A kitchen with wood counter tops and wood floors.
A group of ladies stand around a kitchen island.
A cat holds itself up in order to look into the bath tub.
A modern style kitchen is in the processes of building. 
A man riding a brown horse through short brush.
Several cars on a street pulled up to a red traffic light.
A kitchen with a small table, light fixture and stove.
a small bathroom features a tub, large vanity and mirror.
A person making a bed inside a small enclosed space.
A man throws the frisbee in the air at the park.
People are traveling in the rain while waiting in traffic.
A small kitchen has a sink, oven and counter top.
A kitchen with stove, range, and a teapot in it.
A lady with black hair standing in a kitchen in front of a counter with bowls and a notebook.
Three people in front of a countertop containing multiple bottles of liquor.
A woman stands in the kitchen with her hand on her hip.
A small kitchenette opening up to another room.
Overhead lighting hangs above appliances in a white painted kitchen with wooden cabinets.
a kitchen with a large sink and counter top
A microwave is atop a wooden table, below a mirror.
A woman displays a cheerful birthday cake as her companion watches.
A man sitting on a stone wall talking on a cell phone.
a man dressed as a scientist holds a jug of juice
A few construction workers standing on the road.
Several people gathered outside of a bar at night.
a tea pot is sitting on top of the stove in the kitchen
Two people on bikes in front of the ocean.
A small kitchen with cabinet, sink, and microwave.
Two people standing behind a parked motorcycle that has gear on it.
A bathroom that has a sink, mirror, and bathtub in it.
A man standing in a costume holding a bottle near his head.
Two people in helmets are riding Segways on the street.
A bunch of pots and pans on the side of a sink.
WOMEN IN A KITCHEN WATCHING ANOTHER PREPARE A MEAL
A strainer full of clean dishes beside the kitchen sink.
A woman smiles as she cuts up an identification card.
A man sits on a ledge with a phone in his hands.
A bathroom decorated in red, black and white.
A man sits on a ledge and talks on a cell phone.
A bowl of fruit sitting on a kitchen table.
The shadow reflection of bicycle handlebars on a wall.
A WOMAN SITTING WITH SOME CREEPY HAIRLESS CATS
A bathroom with a double sink and vanity mirror and marble looking tile.
A cowboy ridding a horse across the plain.
Lights are lit up around a mirror and above two sinks in a bathroom.
a man on a paddle board is going down the river
The kitchen sink is filled with plastic cups
rear end of a toyota in the fog
A woman is posing for a photograph with a small cake.
A woman in the kitchen drying a wine glass.
A bathroom withe turquoise walls and two toilets.
a bike sitting in a tub next to a tiled wall
a woman holding an umbrella next to other people
a kitchen view of a counter top and wooden cabinets
Two blue bikes parked out on the sidewalk next to a red door.
A pink tiled bathroom features a custom hexagonal window over the tub. 
a bathroom with a sink, and bedroom next to it with nice wood floors
A black and white photo of a man holding a baby boy in one arm and propping up a bicycle with the other, and Chow puppies in the foreground.
Two hairless cats are sitting on a woman.
There is a bathtub made of tiles and small sink to the right.
a picture of a bathroom decorated in shades of black white and grey. 
A kitchen sink is full of black plastic cups.
A woman is waiting with a cart full of luggage.
A sink is full with bottles and dishes.
Two people standing next to a large motorcycle
An old fashioned bathroom has a suspended water tank. 
People are on the sidewalk holding umbrellas over their heads.
a sink with an under cabinet in a bathroom.
A cat in a bathroom sits on the lid of the commode.
A group of adults at an Asian fruit market
Several workers are doing roadwork while a man holds a stop sign.
Two people riding bikes carrying their surfboards to the beach
A woman takes a photo of herself in a public bathroom.
The people are in the street of the marketplace. 
Brand new kitchen with large serving counter, but no refrigerator.
Vintage white appliances lend a touch of class to a kitchen.
a women that has her licence in her hand
An apartment kitchen showing an open pantry door.
Public restroom scene showing multiple sinks and bathroom stalls.
A person riding a wave on a surfboard
A bathroom with a blow dryer hanging on the wall.
The kitchen is simple with a microwave and sink. 
This strange device is not common in the Western world.
A soldier wearing an Army uniform rides a regulation motorcycle.
a bathroom that has a sink and a toilet
The man is holding his bicycle and baby at the same time. 
Bright loft space with large rustic dining table and bikes on the wall.
Traffic is traveling along the city streets with traffic lights
The bathroom looks dirty someone needs to clean them
A man riding on the back of a horse in the desert.
The small furniture is a brightly colored kitchen and dining room. 
A man reaching out towards a blue frisbee.
A fluffy gray cat sitting on the toilet bowl
A street filled with lots of traffic and tall buildings.
A bowl of fruit sitting on top of a table.
a few women that are standing around some food
The man is riding the motorcycle is the road
A bathroom with two sinks and a large mirror. 
a bathroom that has  a sink and a mirror
A man holding a large surfboard while riding a bike.
A man in a hat riding down the street on a skateboard
A hotel bathroom has dim lighting and a nice vanity.
The man is tipping off his hat to someone
A bathroom with two sinks and a hair dryer on the wall.
A group of people gather around the man on a bike
The fluffy cat is sitting on top of a toilet in the bathroom. 
The kitchen countertop is cluttered with various items. 
A bicycle parked at a stand inside a subway car
A family home bathroom with an ornate shower curtain
a guy uses a surf board as a boat, using an oar to paddle down the river
a man that is riding his bake on a bridge
A man on a surfboard is riding the wave
A bathroom vanity with a small sink and faucet
A barren kitchen with white appliances and cabinets
Small wooden commode with pull chain displayed against tiled wall.
A person is riding a bicycle on the side of a bridge.
Clean dishes, pots and pans piled high on a drying rack
A bathroom with a toilet, sink, tub, and mirror. 
Large kitchen with wrap around counter and wooden cabinets.
a field that has a lot of people in it
a person that is riding a horse in a field
Two people are standing at the edge of the water with a row boat.
A bathroom vanity is adorned with light bulbs.
The man carries a bag while he skateboards down the sidewalk.
The people in the photo are watching as a woman prepares food. 
A blue sky seems to melt into a lightly rippling body of blue water, on which rests a child and a woman that are lying head to feet, woman behind the child, on a surfboard, while a young man sits behind the two.
The bathroom is all white and has no towels. 
This bathroom has white and red wall tiles and a black tile floor.
Three toilets, a sink, and mirror in the bathroom
A sink and toilets stand within the walls of a shabby bathroom.
A group of construction workers are working in the street.
A shadow of the bike is cast on the wall
a cat that is hanging out of a car window
City traffic waiting for signal to change on foggy day.
A kitchen sink is full of black cups and a couple of bowls and an iron is sitting on a ledge.
The shadow of a bicycle handle bar can be seen in this picture.
Cat standing in window of large furniture delivery vehicle near mirror. 
A family on their surfboards in a calm ocean on a sunny day
Adults standing next to canoe at beach of waterway.
A man paddle boarding by a boat dock in a city
A bathroom has a toilet, a shower, and a closet.
A couple embrace on the shoreline beside their canoe.
A large pile of black plastic Jack Daniels cups sits in a sink.
Man on horseback traveling on dusty path through sagebrush.
An orange is sitting by itself on the counter
A pair of hairless cats share the sofa with their owner.
A kitchen with pans and pots of food on a table.
A small bathroom with medicine cabinet, sink and tub
A handful of young adults on skateboards go single file down a city sidewalk. 
Kitchen with appliances and cabinets residence with wood flooring.
A bicycle parked in the bike carriage of a commuter train
Blurry photograph of a bathroom with a spotted shower curtain 
A medium sized white dog is standing in the bathtub.
A bike pulling out of a bath tub next to a brick wall.
A group of people standing around a kitchen preparing food.
A woman next to a cart of luggage at a bus stop.
A restroom toilet, sink vanity and a tub.
a small simple bathroom with a bathtub and toilet 
A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A kitchen with a mess all over the top of its counter top.
A white dog sitting in water inside a restroom tub.
A women is holding an ID and holding a pair of scissors to it.
A woman sits a table behind a small birthday cake.
A stove top next to a sink under a window.
A wooden toilet with a wooden seat in a bathroom.
A bike is sitting in the small tub
an all white bathroom scene with the sink and bathtub in frame, the man who takes the pictures reflection in the mirror 
A woman is posing for a picture with a cake
A toilet with duel bidets is spewing water. 
A bowl is set under a tap in a well lit bathroom.
A blurry shot of cars in traffic in a city
Cars are driving down the busy city street.
A small bathroom has a sink, toilet, window and towel
A biked parked next to an orange train.
A black dog's eyes gleam in the light.
A guy in a bow tie tips his hat.
A kitchen counter has broken glass on it
An old bathroom with a water heater is featured.
a man in uniform standing with some dogs 
A shower with a towel hanging over it is featured.
a man in a wetsuit riding a surfboard 
A kitchen that does not have stainless steel appliances.
a bathroom with a tub, sink, and toilet.
A man dressed in a green and black water suit is surfing.
A small white bathroom has black accents on the wall.
Two young men are standing next to a motorcycle.
A bathroom sink with a mirror and faucet.
A fruit market outdoors with about five women shopping it.
A small dog standing in a bathtub filled with water.
A small kitchen with green walls in a trailer
A small bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower
A man is cutting an onion on the cutting board
People line up at a food stand on a messy street.
A kitchen with gray wall tiles and a wood floor.
A small crowd in front of a liquor store at night.
a kitchen that has not to much in it
An kitchen is empty of contents on the counters.
A crowded marketplace along a narrow street filled with people.
A white kitchen is shown with a fruit bowl on the table.
A small kitchen with a cluttered counter top.
A man in military dress holding onto 3 dogs.
A fire hose connected to the hydrant at the intersection.
A look down at a guy on a green motorcycle.
A small kitchen with a window to outside. 
A man in a pink shirt and bow tie poses for a photo.
A view of a couple of furnished rooms in a doll house.
A cat is sitting on the floor by the bathroom
A girl in a working kitchen is holding plastic wrap.
This picture from the vanity top reveals a bed in the background.
A woman is holding scissors and is going to cut a card
A woman is sitting in a lounger with a small child.
A man in sunglasses throwing a blue frisbee.
A strange nerdy man takes off his cap.
A large commercial kitchen with lots of food.
A box on top of the stove in a kitchen.
A cat stands up on a ledge full of bottles
A plain kitchen that has been stripped bare. 
a number of fruits on plastic containers 
A brown dog with reflective eyes looking at the camera.
a wooden toilet in a bath room with tiled walls
The sink is on a counter with nothing else
A simple sink, mirror and tub in a bathroom.
a bike parked on a spare tire near a train
A orange that is sitting on a table.
Lighted urban street at night with cars and buildings.
A lone bicycle is photographed in front of a train.
A small model of a kitchen and dining room with accessories and furnishings.
the counter has lots of seasonings on it 
A cyclist riding toward a city on the freeway.
the lights that are above the cars are red 
the bathroom has a glass tub in it 
A man with a backpack is riding a bike on a sidewalk.
This bathroom has blue wall tiles and a white vanity.
the woman is standing with her luggage 
Several people shop around an outdoor vegetable market
Two cats are sitting on the roof of a car.
the bathroom has red carpets and pink curtains
the woman is pulling foil out of a container
A bathroom sink, blue tiles on the wall and multi-blue colored tiles on the floor.
A person holding an identification card and a pair of scissors. 
A motorcycle  covered in cloth along a fence with several other cycles.
This bathroom has a white sink, a white toilet, and white walls.
the woman is standing in front of the mirror taking a picture
A room with windows, bikes, chairs, and a table. 
some dishes sitting next to a sink on a rag
Two toilets and a sink in a bathroom
This is a lady washing a dish while cooking
The cat is on the counter in the bathroom.
A kitchen has green walls and wooden counters.
An empty kitchen has an island, appliances, counter space, and cabinets.
Two men in white shirts are standing together while one holds a teddy bear.
A part of a shadow of an bike. 
There is plenty of fresh fruit being sold at the market.
A lady working in a kitchen with several different types of dishes.
A ripe orange sitting in a dark background.
This photo depicts a miniature version of a kitchen and dining room.
The surfer has the right stance on his surfboard.
Three people are riding surfboards in the ocean.
a toilet and a sink that is in the bathroom
a close up of a dog in a bath tub 
A large kitchen has brown cabinets and granite counter tops.
Placemats on a white countertop in a kitchen,
a bathroom that has a sink and a bathtub
A small doll house display of a kitchen and a dining room.
The man is surfing on the river by the boats.
A guy is excited to be eating a plate of food. 
An upside-down orange still has a green spot.
A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet and a window.
The shadow appears to be that of a bicycle.
a covered up motorcycle sitting by a fence
A messy kitchen counter with spices and other items sitting on it.
A black and white young cat stands in the driver's seat window of a commercial van.
The people are working in the kitchen preparing the food.
The kitchen is clean and ready to be used.
A woman in a commercial kitchen gets a piece of plastic wrap out of a box.
The bathtub has a shower nozzle on the wall above it.
This is a bathroom with a toilet sink and bath
A kitchen with many pots and pans on the counters and peppers hanging up.
The group of people lay on the beach near a parked bicycle.
Residential bathroom with wooden cabinet and mirror next to shower.
A woman takes a picture of sinks in a restroom.
placemats are on top of a counter in this kitchen
A black cat getting into a shelf in the bathroom.
A woman holding down a small child between her legs. 
a little cabinet sitting above a white toilet
A unique black and white bathroom that is very clean.
These two bikes are parked together on the sidewalk
These toilets are connected together in this public bathroom
A woman smiling cleaning a glass in a kitchen. 
A little girl is playing on the floor.
A bathroom with a white toilet, tub, and tile floor.
Man on bicycle with backpack traveling on street.
A man is wearing a pink shirt and bow tie.
A little girl looking at a book on the floor of a house. 
A picture of a very dirty bathroom floor. 
A person takes a picture of themselves in the mirror.
A woman is cooking and cleaning in her kitchen.
A man is sitting on a wall talking on his cell phone.
a bike sitting on a tire by the side of the road 
A baby with a Santa hat on and boots hold a pair of pliers.
Dog standing in bathtub being given a bath.
A bunch of items that are sitting on a counter.
The cats are sitting on top of an older car
A small bathroom with a sink, tub and toilet
A white bathroom sink sitting next to a white toilet.
A little boy that is standing near a counter.
Striped towel on rounded towel rack near picture and mirror.
Man slicing onion on cutting board on wood counter.
This bathroom features a primitive medicine cabinet and a white sink.
A small room has a toilet and a cabinet above it
A bidet sprays water with a scale on the floor next to it.
Walk in glass shower and luxury tub in bathroom.
This dimly lit bathroom has a shower and a nice closet.
the people are standing around a man on his bike
A small kitchen has a stove and fridge in it
a close up of an orange on a black background 
A room with a table and chairs and bikes hanging up.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
Inside of a kitchen with a door and oven.
A woman is sitting in a chair giving her toddler a back massage. 
A firetruck parked on a city street at night.
A small kitchen with a stove and large window
a child in a kitchen on a step ladder 
Towel on glass shower door near toilet on tile floor.
A messy kitchen counter, covered in broken glass and cooking supplies.
Three woman preparing food in a narrow home kitchen.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt standing next to luggage.
the bathroom has a white tub and black wall
A man in a suit with his mouth open eating cake.
A grainy photo shows an old model car with two cats sitting on the roof.
Women working in kitchen cooking and preparing meal. 
Several motorcycles and bicycles against a fence in a city.
Man holding a stuffed toy standing next to a man with a back pack.
A kitchen counter next to a green accent wall.
A white toilet sitting next to a tub in a bathroom.
a bath room with a mirror and a sink
A white bathroom sink with a metal faucet.
two men are holding a teddy bear together
The fire fighter is resting by the parking meter.
A toilet has a small cupboard on top of it.
a cat is standing up in a bathroom
A couple of women preparing food inside of a kitchen.
A large breed dog with black and brown fur is standing on a white and black floor.
This bicycle is hung on a metal gate.
A professional, working kitchen with several chefs and a woman in the foreground with plastic wrap
Two women are standing at a stainless steel sink.
a window a table a rack and a glass container
A bathtub that has a bicycle in it.
This is a large bathroom with a toilet and a table.
The surfer is riding the wave on his surf board.
a bathroom picture with a bottle of mouth wash.
A man is riding a motorcycle down the street.
a bath room with a toilet near a trash can with a window
A sink with water in it with clean dishes on the side.
A bike being washed in a bathtub. 
A woman with a birthday cake with candles that are lit.
a kitchen with a sink and a lot of windows
This is a photo of someones car in their driveway. 
There is a long table in the middle of this room.
A bathroom with tiled walls and a white toilet. 
Two volunteers working inside a kitchen with white cabinets. 
Hanging plane near building with people at amusement part. 
A tiled bathroom has a red sink and red bathtub.
Bathroom picture with a cabinet, sink and shower.
a women that is taking a picture in the mirror
Two people stand at a sink in a commercial kitchen.
A cat poking his head out of a car window. 
Spectators gather around a uniformed cyclist sitting on his bicycle with head bowed.
A young boy wearing a diaper and a Santa hat in a kitchen.
A Kurig coffee maker on a bathroom counter
A man is paddling a surfboard on the water.
A sideways image of a bathroom shows a pink shower curtain and red floor mats next to the toilet and bathtub.
A white cabinet stands above a white toilet inside a narrow stall.
a man that is throwing a Frisbee around the yard
A dimly lit bathroom sink with a mirror.
a cat that is on a red rug
People are crowded around a man riding a bike.
Surfer riding a wave on the ocean we much white waves.
A brown dog is looking at the camera.
Woman taking picture into mirror of a bathroom with sinks and soap dispensers.
A kitchen with several cabinets and a sliding glass door.
a close up of a brown dog, his eyes are glowing because of the flash 
A bathroom shows a white toilet, white bathtub and a silver sink.
A car looks out the drive side window of a large vehicle.
A dark room with a long wooden table and a bike hanging on the wall.
a bike is on the grass in front of a bench
A small bathroom with a shower, sink, and wooden medicine cabinet.
Several bicycles lined up against a chain link fence.
Several motorcycles and bikes are propped up against a fence.
this clean bathroom has mats on the floor
A woman photos a bathroom mirror with soap dispensers above the sinks.
A group of firefighters and police officers in the middle of a crosswalk. 
The four skateboarders are riding in single file.
A bike parked next to a wooden bench.
She is barking instructions for the someone on her cell phone.
A park like area surrounded by many trees. 
a kitchen that has a ice box in it
Many coffee cups are on the kitchen counter near the stove.
Man wearing an army green uniform and helmet riding a motorcycle.
A family resting under a beach umbrella near the water. 
a bottle of mouth wash is in this bathroom
The water is spraying up from a bidet.
A bathroom with a broken window and white walls. 
A ceiling fan hangs over a clean kitchen.
this bathroom is decorated in all white and black
A small galley kitchen with a single sink, gas cooktop, no cabinet doors, and apple green walls.
A large bottle of mouthwash and small cups on a bathroom sink
grainy image of two cats sitting on the roof of a car
A large jug of blue Listerine on a bathroom counter
a bidet is turned on and water is splashing up
a black and white kitty laying on its back sleeping in a bathroom sink
A group of people are standing in the middle of a street.
A commercial kitchen prepared for a night of cooking
The shower curtain next to the toilet has a tree outline on it.
This cat is getting into things on the shelves.
A bathroom with a sink, white tub and toilet.
A brown dog is sitting a rug staring at the person taking the picture
A woman sits in front of a lit up birthday cake.
A large clean bathroom with its window open.
A white bath tub sitting under bathroom windows.
The toilet is next to a bathtub and a metal sink.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub.
A bathroom with a long vanity, a sink, a window, and s steps.
A bathroom with a small table near the toilet and a large window.
a person taking a photo in a mirror 
a buffet in a restaurant with some big crocks glasses and bins of other foods
A large, clean bathroom in the daylight. 
a number of people in a street near a building 
A large bathroom with tiled walls and floors. 
A bathroom with a shower, sink, and mirror.
a person taking a photo in a mirror 
Two dogs stand close together and are interested in something
A woman with brown hair talking on a yellow phone. 
A container of mouthwash is sitting on the kitchen sink. 
A toilet sitting inside of a very small stall.
A beautiful woman standing in a kitchen wearing high heels.
A bathroom with white walls and tiled flooring. 
a bathroom that has a toilet and a sink in it
A dimly-lit bathroom with several cabinet drawers open.
A man in a backpack and a man in sports gear stand next to one another.
A male surfer on a surf board rides on top of a wave.
A miniature wooden toilet in a doll's house bathroom.
People are walking down a busy city street.
A woman prepares food in a commercial kitchen.
A sparse kitchen opens up into a long room with a dining room table.
A selfie taken by a woman in a bathroom wearing a button up. 
A woman is working in a commercial kitchen.
A bathroom with a toilet, a vanity, a sink and a mirror.
A dark bathroom has a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
A toilet with a wooden seat and pull string
An unsmiling woman talks into a cell phone on the street.
a kitchen with a stove a microwave and a ceiling fan
The cat is waiting at the door of the bathroom.
A crowd of people on the sidewalk and an airplane overhead.
A toilet sits in a very small bathroom.
A large bathroom with a white tub and toilet and black cabinets
A sleekly lit bathroom with a square pedestal sink.
Looking through a window with small panes into a room.
a boy in a santa hat holding a pair of nutcrackers in a kitchen 
A very nice bathroom, with nice carpeting. 
A kitchen with lots of counters and a white refrigerator freezer.
A bicycle rests on a bench on a field on a hill.
A cat relaxes while lying in a kitchen sink.
a number of people in a kitchen 
A bathroom with a shower curtain that has a tree on it
A bathroom with a glass shower enclosure and a large bathtub beneath two windows.
Window view into a workshop area with a wooden table.
A view of a kitchen through a window with no glass.
A kitchen area with a counter, stove and a refrigerator.
a kitchen with a stove and many cupboards 
A shower curtain with a tree on it is in a bathroom.
A window is open next to a spice rack and some jars.
A group of police motorcycles leading a firetruck in a parade. 
a kitchen and a conference room inside of a plane
A red plane flying low over a street
The man uses a camera to take his picture in the reflection.
A woman is sitting at the desk with the laptop
some people are walking around a busy area
two dogs standing on a checker board printed floor
The dual sinks each have bowl basins on them.
The small kitchen has a dish washer and a microwave.
The people are in the kitchen preparing meals.
A bathroom with a sink and toilet with a black floor.
Bathroom area with a sink, mirror and medicine cabinet.
A dimly lit bathroom with a white raised sink
a woman sitting at a table behind a birthday cake with lit candles
A woman holding a cell phone in her hand up to her ear.
The large industrial kitchen is very organized and clean.
Girl laying down wearing pink with a laptop in her lap kissing a black cat
The drawers to the cabinets are open in the bathroom.
A woman in pink dress holding a kitten and laptop.
Residential bathroom with brown commode and bathtub and pink shower curtain.
A firefighter rests his arm on a parking meter as another walks past.
A toilet and sink in a white bathroom
there is a man taking pictures of a parade going by 
A very large mirror sitting above a bathroom sink.
A bathroom area with a toilet, cabinets, sink and a mirror.
An overview of the chains, pedals, and chains of a bike.
A simple bathroom lacking a roll of toilet paper.
Woman taking photo while standing in bathroom of home. 
A bathroom area with a sink, mirror, rugs and a toilet.
The lights on both sides of the bathroom mirror are on.
a kitchen with brown cabinets and a big door 
A man cutting up an onion on top of a wooden counter.
Crowded street with vendors and shoppers in urban area.
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A woman with long hair using a phone
A shower curtain in a clean bathroom has been pulled in and bunched at the bottom inside the bathtub.
A kitchen counter with spices and mugs on it
Several vehicles all parked along the side of the road.
a number of people riding bicycles on a street 
A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
A window in front of a room filled with restaurant items.
A white basin and metal faucet atop a wooden counter beside a shower with a glass door.
A bathroom with tiled floors and double sinks
There's a bathroom with a blur shower curtain
a bath room with a sink and a toilet 
A woman sitting on a beach chair with someone at night.
A crowded street market filled with people and produce.
two people standing near one another with stuffed animals 
View through a window into an empty bakery.
A surfer rides the end of a wave on his surfboard.
A small bathroom contains a toilet and a shelving unit.
A woman with glasses leaning on her desk
Three people on body boards out in the ocean.
A brown dog standing on a white and black tiled floor.
A bike hanging from a black iron fence.
Two sinks in a bathroom are beneficial to homeowners.
Is there a washing machine or a dishwasher in the kitchen?
Pink counter-tops and a pink cabinet add color to an otherwise white bathroom.
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and counter tops.
a couple of men are sitting around a table
A toilet and sink are sitting in a bathroom.
A group of people walking around a market with carts.
there is a bathroom with a white carpet by the sink
A man wearing glasses slicing an onion on a cutting board
A double white sink in a bathroom with a large mirror
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a washing machine
A woman in a fancy black dress wearing an apron standing in her kitchen.
a sink with some electronics on it 
An old kitchen with a wooden table and hanging pots
A man rides his bike on the beach and one man walks the beach. 
A small bathroom finished in white tiling, towels and shower curtains.
a person in a kitchen near a table 
Men riding carts down a narrow busy street
a group of people standing in front of a moving train 
a close up of an open window near spices and seasonings 
A kitchen has wood cabinets, a dishwasher, sink, and refrigerator. 
a number of people and bikes near a cart of vegetables 
A bathroom with a mirror, toilet, counter and birdcage.
A bathroom with a sink, counters, mirror and basket. 
A kitchen features wood cabinetry and bar and gray granite counter tops with gray tile back splash. 
A woman is standing in front of a stove in a kitchen. 
Up close picture of a sail boat designed porcelain jar on a table.
The gentleman in the wedding party is wolfing down the thickly frosted wedding cake,
Two young women crouch in a courtyard looking out at ornamental grasses and flowers. 
Two dogs, one black and one brown, standing next to each other
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
An attractive woman standing in the nicely appointed kitchen
A black and white cat is laying in a bathroom sink. 
A man in a kitchen concentrating on cutting an onion on a board with a knife.
A woman wearing glasses sitting at a desk with a laptop computer. 
An old looking baking area with fresh items on the table
A man riding a bike on a beach next to another man.
some kind of white door in a kitchen
People are gathered at the street market in an alley.
a large bath tub that is in the corner of a room
a woman in a suit cuts a wedding cake 
A woman sitting in front of her computer in deep thought
a small little bathroom with a toilet and a sink
some kind of kitchen with a lot of pans
a cat gets comfortable as it lays in a sink 
Several people packing vegetables  in a commercial kitchen.
Policemen and firemen responding to an accident on a city street
Woman and young child riding on a public transit bus.
Decorative ceramic containers on counter in home kitchen.
a window sitting in front of a table with spices on it
A bike leans against a wooden bench in rolling green hills.
Kitchen with baskets of vegetables and pots hanging above.
The window is open to let in some air
Two baskets on a table underneath hanging items.
A cat that is sitting down near a bathroom.
Old personal window frame in the side of a personal kitchen.
A cage that is on the wall near a mirror.
A bathroom sink that has a mirror above it.
Both the police and fire departments are at the accident scene.
A bathroom with steps leading up to it's shower.
A man dressed in a tuxedo eating a piece of cake.
A group of kids sitting on a train seat and a bike with a blue helmet on the train. 
The view of a some bike peddles from above.
a bath room with a sink inside of it 
A kitchen that has some pink cups on the counter.
A man standing on the beach next to another man.
A man stands on a street in front of an old building.
Adults at kitchen table taking photos of items.
a kitchen with a fridge and counter tops inside of it 
A pile of dishes are drying on a towel on a counter top by the sink.
A man who is riding a wave on a surfboard.
Bicycle as seen from above angle on grassy field.
a person rides a bike with a dog being pulled in the back 
The window above the kitchen sink is opened.
Man surfing on the wave of an ocean in a wet suit.
A sink is shown in a black and white photo.
a bathroom with a tub and a toilet inside of it 
a woman in glasses sits in front of a laptop 
A bathroom with a toilet and a large marble sink.
A container on a counter top that has a picture of a sail boat on it.
Personal toilet in a portal potty in a very confined room.
A kitchen with a sink, washing machine, multiple cleaning supplies and shelves in it.
A bathroom with a tub, sink and toilet in it.
Formal occasions require time spent with a sweet dessert.
A group of people standing on top of a sandy beach.
A bathroom that is under renovation with a bucket in the tub.
A lavish Jacuzzi-style bathtub with columns and chandelier.
Some hooks on a wall holding some thongs, scissors, and keys.
A top view of the pedals on a silver race bike.
a bathroom with a tub and a sink inside of it 
There is a large pile of clean dishes on the counter.
A bunch of people waiting on the train platform for the train
A girl with a black shirt crouched over and looking at some shrubs.
A young man wearing his cap backwards looks down.
There is a cat curled up in this small sink.
A kitchen with stainless steel counters and a person in it.
This room has a bird cage on one wall and a mirror on the other.
The sink in this bathroom is next to some drawers.
Several men driving motorcycles down a parade event.
Large stack of washed dishes on top of a dishwasher.
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
a couple of dogs standing on a checkered floor 
Three men sitting around a table taking pictures of food.
Two decorative cannisters sitting atop a kitchen counter
The dog is standing on a black and white checkered tile floor.
The bicycle is propped against the metal gate door.
A bike sitting parked on the cement near a moving train.
Bathroom scene with the toilet up and towel rack above
Restroom with toilet, counter, toilet paper, and on the wall are a towel rack with towels and one framed art.
A family lays on towels under an umbrella at the beach.
A bathroom with a toilet and a tub with the fixtures missing.
A bathroom with a large sunken garden tub.
A white sink with a toothbrush and soap on it
A man riding a bike past a man walking on a beach.
A bathroom with double vanities and a bathtub
A group of people are standing or sitting around a table taking pictures and looking at a phone.
A view of a toilet, in a small stall.
a vintage photo of some people on a beach 
A person with a camera taking a picture of a mirror. 
A man is riding his bike pulling a dog in a cart behind him.
a bath tun sits next to a toilet 
a bath tub sits inside of a bathroom 
A bathroom with a bath, sink, and toilet and bathroom decor. 
A room with a mirror, other items, and decor. 
A bathroom with a mirror, sink, and bathroom accessories. 
A toilet bowl is away from the wall, sitting in the middle of the restroom
A man in a wetsuit is surfing in the waters. 
a group of police officers working at a wreckage scene 
A bathroom with towels, a toilet, sink, tissue rolls and a counter.
Two Asian ladies squatting while making a call
A woman is cutting a decorated birthday cake.
A lighted mirror in what appears to be a bathroom.
A woman cutting a cake, next to a giant flower arrangement.
A woman dressed in pink kissing her black cat with a laptop on her lap.
A subway leaving the station and passengers waiting for the next train. 
Two sinks are laying on a wood floor by a window.
A man on a bicycle riding on the beach and another man walking the opposite direction.
A tile bathroom with a red tub and sink.
A bathroom with a toilet, pedestal sink and a bathtub with a shower curtain.
A kitchen countertop filled with pots, pans, and bakeware drying.
A stove top with a bunch of ripe bananas.
A group of people standing on the outside of a train.
A bathroom with a double sink and a tub
a cluttered kitchen with some pots stacked on top of each other 
The fireman is leaning on the parking meter.
A man riding his bike past a young beach goer. 
A man who is wearing a hat backwards.
The bathroom has a splash of color with the blue tiles.
The three people at the table are taking pictures.
A thermal container and bowl on the table in a kitchen 
A kitchen with wood shelves and appliances. 
A man preparing food while standing in a  kitchen.
A bathroom that has pink shower curtains in it.
A group of people sitting around tables together.
An all white bathroom with tiled flooring and an oval mirror. 
The boy is looking over the rail by the door.
A bathroom with a brown toilet and brown bath tub
A group of people getting ready to fly a giant kite.
A parking meter that is placed on a sidewalk.
A mirrored medicine cabinet is next to a clear glass shower door.
There are two fancy sinks in this bathroom.
There is a washing machine is this kitchen.
A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A man is holding a camera in front of a mirror.
A young lady sitting on the ground with a cat.
a sink that has a bunch of things on it
A woman laying on a lawn chair with a baby.
a dog that is standing on a black and white floor
a bike that is on a metal fence
A group of bikers riding in front of a fire truck.
A bathroom with a counter top basin sink and a shower with glass doors.
A bathroom doorway with a toilet and sink.
A kitchen with a stove top oven next to a refrigerator.
Two dogs standing on a black and white tiled floor
A table has a fan with knives and scissors hanging near it.
A bathroom with an odd shaped mirror, wooden counter, toilet, and a bird cage
A bathroom with a sink, cabinet, and mirror that is also a cabinet
A small bathroom decorated with fine wood paneling.
A street has cars, traffic lights, and buildings at night.
there are hooks on the wall by the window where people have hung things.
A man is standing in front of a building holding a skateboard.
a kitchen that has a stove and a icebox
a bike that has a bench in it
A bathroom with a toilet, a pedestal sink and a bathtub.
A fireman in full gear leaning on a parking meter.
A bathroom with a bathtub, sink, and a mirror.
Rows of slow cookers feed a group of people.
A bathroom with two sinks and pink decor.
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it
A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and a cabinet.
Chef preparing decadent dish at a classy restaurant.
A white pedestal sink and two windows in a bathroom.
A bathroom with white fixtures and blue accessories
A white bathroom sink sitting under a window.
Bathroom being remodeled with large bucket of drywall in bath.
Very upscale bathe room with a classy bath.
a grill that has a bunch of burgers on it
A view of a bathroom, with florescent light above the stall.
A fire truck is following a group of motorcycles down a road with a crowd watching.
Two lines of crockpots on a counter in a kitchen.
Neat bathroom with wooden walls and surroundings and has a glass shower.
A group of people at the beach and a bicycle
A toilet sits across from a sink in a very spartan bathroom. 
A bathtub sits close to a toilet in a small bathroom. 
Nice bicycle turned upside down on grassy field.
A bathroom has a toilet, sink, and door in it.
A group of people are standing in the snow on skis.
A dark frame surrounds the window and mirror in this bathroom.
A white sink sitting next to a toilet.
A fridge, microwave and sink in the kitchen
A bathroom with an open toilet seat, a counter top and towels on a rack has a tile floor.
A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.
A white bath tub sitting next to a  sink.
a bathroom with a sink cabinet and toilet
Chef spraying oil on top of special dish.
A bathroom has two sinks, a mirror, and hairdryer in it.
A kitchen has a sink, microwave, and washer in it.
A boy with a backwards baseball cap in a cluttered home kitchen.
A bathroom with lots of toys hanging around a shelf.
People are riding bikes down a street with a tree.
A cluttered kitchen mess is in complete chaos
A dirty old bathroom is in complete disarray 
a person in white is standing in a kitchen
A dining room with green walls and a china hutch and a dining room table
A little boy looks out the window on a moving train
An orange bowl with oranges, bananas, and lemons 
A lady with a white shirt and a black cat
A wooden table topped with different types of desserts.
A bathroom with a white toilet and a white sink
A bathroom with a white and brown toilet and a tub that's being renovated
A bathroom with sink, mirror, toilet and tiled floor.
Three people standing in a kitchen cooking food.
A washroom with toilets and a sink 
Six people up on a snow covered mountain
A woman is serving food from one of several crock pots.
A boy in a red sweat shirt and a bicycle and stroller
A bathtub blends in with the color of the bathroom.
People gather around an umbrella at the beach.
A close-up shot of ripe lemons and oranges.
Three persons in the kitchen with plates and other items
A metal counter with lots of cooking utensils.
a bathroom with some fancy sinks and a vase with flowers 
Two women are squatting in front of a flower garden.
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A cat laying on top of the hood of a car.
A bathroom with a tub and several towels on a stand and a table
A man in a multi-colored beanie pedals a passenger bike.
a white sink in a small white bathroom
a narrow kitchen with a fire escape by the window 
A white, bowl sink, shines in the light in a bathroom.
A group of people line up for food next to a long table with many cookers and pots on top
A sink and vanity in a luxurious bathroom.
A baby sitting in a sink holding a toothbrush.
a chef slices jalapenos on a cutting board.
A mirror hanging over a small white sink.
A small kitchen with white floors and pink cabinets.
A table and china cabinet in a small kitchen eating nook.
Workers serve meals to the people waiting in line
A bathroom with a sink, toilet, bath, and other items. 
A kitchen has a window view of a staircase.
a man pouring some sauce on some plates of food 
Scissors and other implements hang from hooks next to an open window with a removable screen.
An assortment of kitchen utensils are hanging on a wall. 
A chef slides a pizza into a brick oven.
A sink is in front of a window in a bathroom. 
A view from the doorway of a dimly-lit bathroom.
People pulling suitcases while walking down the road. 
some people sitting on bikes by the sidewalk 
A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and other accessories.
A small kitchen with a white oven and refrigerator.
A woman walking her bike next to old boats. 
A woman is cutting into a birthday cake. 
A teenager holding a black kitty with a laptop on her lap.
A hole in the wall looking through to the kitchen.
A closeup of ripe yellow bananas hanging above a counter.
Two men standing next to an oven with sandwiches
A woman cooks in a spacious kitchen with a breakfast bar.
A group of chef preparing sandwiches in the kitchen
A very dirty kitchen with tiled floors and walls. 
A dirty bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub. 
A sink, wall hanging and mirror in the room
some dirty lemons and oranges sitting together in a pile
The photo is of a small bathroom with a toilet, shower and sink. 
A cat is laying on the hood of a car. 
A shirtless man reading comic books on a sunny day. 
A man riding a bicycle that has a wagon on the back of it with a dog inside. 
A woman is placing a flower into a cake. 
A black and white photo of people on the beach. 
A man with a skateboard is standing outside a castle. 
A parking meter and a car parked next to it
A white bath tub sitting inside of a bathroom.
People on the subway platform waiting for the train to stop.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and white countertops.
A kitchen with white walls and wooden cabinets. 
Broken sinks in a room with a window and curtains
A bathroom with tiled floors and walls. 
A neutral colored bathroom furnished with white towels.
A man riding a bake with a dog on the back in a trailer.
A group of people with skiing gear on a snow-capped mountain
A young man holding a skateboard while standing near a church.
A man working in a kitchen making food. 
A woman standing in a kitchen with a smile on her face.
A gang of bikers riding down a road next to palm trees.
A man wearing a hat and a red shirt.
The tired fireman is leaning on the meter.
A cat on the floor next to a room with a sink
A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tub.
A bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub in it.
People working in a kitchen together trying to organize food. 
A person wearing gloves cutting up jalapenos on a cutting board.
A pile of oranges sitting on top of a pile of lemons.
A driveway with a car parked in it .
A broken sink in a room with terrible flooring. 
A large black cat laying under a car.
some people are standing out in the snow
A white truck parked next to a parking meter.
Gloved hands slice vegetables with a large knife.
A woman sits on her couch and kisses her cat with a laptop in her lap 
A cat walking next to open pipes in a room.
some people working in a large kitchen filled with food 
This kitchen with the white appliances is very tidy.
A man preparing plates of food in a kitchen.
Chefs in a kitchen all work to prepare meals
A group of people standing outside of a food truck.
Three bananas hanging in a kitchen are very ripe.
a person is looking at some food on a counter
A restroom with a toilet and sink 
a cat on a BMW car bonnet sleeping
a lady laying on the grass petting a cat.
a sink and a window in a bathroom
A bathroom with a circular window and tiled floor.
a man riding a bike with a cart attached to the front of it 
A chef pouring oil on bread sticks while another watches. 
A steel counter top holding a fan and kitchen accessories.
A cat walking over dusty floor boards in a house.
A person is squirting oil onto a plate of food.
A view of a kitchen during the daytime.
A small white kitchen with a meal preparation in progress.
A group of people with bags and suitcases on the road
A sink in a small bathroom with a bottle of soap on the sink and a towel hanging nearby.
A bathroom with sink, mirror, and cabinets in it.
A group of motorcyclists are viewed through a car's rear window. 
A young girl sits in the grass petting a cat. 
a bathroom with a sink, mirror, and picture on the wall.
A man skating alone on a slope indoors
A kitchen table next to a white refrigerator.
a bathroom view of a mirror with a reflextion of a bathroom stall
A public bathroom is reflected in the mirror over its sinks.
A collection of tools and utensils hangs from a trio of wall hooks.
a bathroom with a sink, mirror, and picture, on a tiled wall
A table with a fan, bowl, knives, scissors and other items
A mixed jumble of ripe oranges and lemons.
A man rides a bicycle towing a dog in a small trailer. 
a bathroom with the shower area being worked on
a cup full of juice next to some fruit
a lady that is laying down next to a cat
A small tiled bathroom with a shower and sink.
The girl is sitting in the yard playing with her kitten.
a kitchen that has not much stuff in it
A man standing on the sidewalk with a skateboard in front of a building.
a room that has some stools and some others things
a car that has a black cat under it
A toilet in a very small public bathroom.
A black and white photo shows people at the beach.
A car parked in front of a building near a tree.
A person on a skateboard going down a ramp.
A crowd of people lined up in front of a food truck.
An old fashioned bathroom features a metal radiator.
Men cook at the stern of a moving boat.
An Asian woman in a restaurant kitchen washing lettuce.
a man wearing an apron and standing next to an oven
a bathroom with a view of a mirror sink and pictures on the road
A large residential bathroom with white twin sinks.
A dark colored cat standing on a wood floor.
A kitchen with white appliances and many wood cabinets.
A young man in the kitchen wearing a baseball cap that is turned backwards.
A boat with several people on it at sea cooking.
A restaurant's grill top is full of meats and sandwiches.
A bathroom toilet ripped away from the wall.
An open window leads from a tiny kitchen to a fire escape.
A galley kitchen features wooden cabinets and white appliances.
A small bathroom featuring a pink shower curtain.
A clean kitchen that features a dishwasher, sink and microwave.
People are waiting in line at a food truck.
A glass shower door in a small bathroom.
Three ripe bananas suspended over a kitchen counter.
Two disconnected bathroom sinks on the floor of a gray room.
A lot of people in line for food at a food truck.
A kitchen with many items on the counters and floor.
A bathroom with a white tub, sink, and shower.
A person and their cat sitting on a rock outside in the forest.
Glass of juice sitting on a counter near a bowl of fruit
Selfie of woman smiling next to a large cat on a pillow
A person cutting a pepper with a butcher knife.
A smiling shirtless guy holding up something by a ladies face.
Bathroom with copper style tile tub surround and nice art.
A clean up-to-date kitchen counter with modern utensils and appliances.
A small bathroom with art on the wall
A very nice looking dining table and chairs.
A typical residential bathroom, including sink, toilet, and bathtub.
Three people standing in a line with their eyes closed and one of the people is wearing a lei. 
People riding bikes in the street with mopeds parked on the sidewalk.
A very cute looking small rest room with a sink.
A woman petting her cat while sitting on the lawn.
Someone wearing gloves is slicing food with a knife.
A group of people preparing to celebrate an occasion with a red and white cake.
A kitchen filled with appliances and a living room with its convenient necessities. 
skateboarder riding down sloped wall in industrial building
a lady in a helmet, a bicycle rider and a line of people at the food wagon
A close up of a very cute cat by a car tire.
a bathroom with a sink toilet and mirror
a kitchen counter with a sink and a basket with dishes 
A cat and a person sitting on a rock.
People are cooking on the back of the boat
a cat walking on a floor next to a contruction area
a bathroom with a sink a mirror and some toothbrushes
A kitchen with a microwave, oven, and stand mixer.
A small bathroom with sink, mirror, toilet and tub
Looking into a house from an outside window, showing a kitchen area and lady in the house.
A large group of people are at the beach with their dogs
white galley kitchen with messy counters and sunny window
Several skiers on a white mountain in the day.
A tile bathroom with a large mirror on the back wall.
A small bathroom with a vanity, toilet and mirror
A man with a colorful hat on riding a bike with a cart attached. 
small and messy white kitchen with windows in two walls
A modern style white bathroom sink in front of a mirror. 
A chef in a kitchen pours gravy on one of several plates of food.
A car is parked in front of the house
A parking meter near a curb and a parked car. 
A bathroom with a sink, counter, a mirror and a hair dryer in it. 
a white car parked at a parking meter
a chef  preparing a meal in the kitchen
A picture of a person's kitchen taken from outside the window.
A black and white styled bathroom and shower.
There is a huge brown and black dog standing around looking At something
There is a bike that is on the door with bars in it
A sink and mirror are in a bathroom.
A man takes a photo of himself in the mirror of the bathroom
The bottom of ripe, yellow bananas in the kitchen.
A woman is smiling as she stands in her kitchen. 
A small kitchen with a stove and microwave and counter tops
There is a person that is sitting on the bench 
a cat is sitting under the car by the tire
A small child is sitting in a sink and holding a toothbrush.
Several people are preparing a meal on the back of a boat.
A toilet and sink stand in an old bathroom.
A bathroom with two sinks, a rug, shower curtain and a tub in it. 
A man with a ball cap and an apron using a brick oven. 
A bathroom sink with a checkered floor. 
A man taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.
A narrow room with a sink and a pot on the floor. 
A bathroom with a toilet tub, shower curtain and a rug in it. 
a large group of people riding on a boat in the water
A broken toilet in a run down bathroom with clutter in the floor.
a man with a hat and a skate board on a ramp
Several bruised oranges and lemons mixed together. 
A stove and a sink in a room.
There is a boy that is seated in the sink holding a toothbrush
A kitchen sink and countertop in a small kitchen.
A small kitchen with a double sink and counters
Two people are looking at the old boat
A small bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower.
A person is standing at a stove in a kitchen.
Kitchen with modern appliances and white cabinets in home setting.
A dimly lit bathroom painted aqua and white.
A small bathroom with sink, toilet, and bathtub.
A young boy is helping make some food on a kitchen counter.
A small dark bathroom with two sinks and a tub
A bathroom sink with two large sinks under a mirror.
A man goes over a tiny ramp on his bicycle.
A kid on a skateboard is riding down the ramp
A kitchen counter top sitting next to a spice rack.
A row of parked bicycles sitting in front of a store.
There are a lot of people out on the sand at the beach working
A small child is cooking in the kitchen
A bathroom mirror sitting above a counter near a doorway.
A bathroom cabinet and some shelves beside it, as well as a sink.
A man standing in a kitchen under a clock.
A kitchen with lots of counter top space and cupboards.
A wall mounted with honey comb tiles on it.
A white sink sitting in a blue area under a brick wall.
two women wearing coats and huge goggles 
A blue bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A car parked next to a house with something white on top of it. 
A large kitchen with a metallic refrigerator freezer and a center island.
A bathroom with a large frosted glass window is displayed with a sink and toilet.
A bathtub with debris in it is shown next to a toilet.
A boy in a chef's hat baking in a kitchen.
A bathroom with a painting next to a bathtub. 
Girl posing for a picture holding a white dog.
A bathroom with shiny walls inside the shower/bathtub 
A man with two boy eating near a wall
A clean bathroom with a large mirror and magazine rack.
A modern kitchen with contrasting colors in it
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A galley kitchen in a house or apartment 
A car parked near a home with a cat sitting on it 
A man, a baby, a pan, knife and a stuffed animal floating in the air in a kitchen. 
A kitchen is decorated like one in a magazine.
A kitchen with cabinets, wine glasses and a refrigerator in it. 
A man holding a cup up to a woman's face.
a room with a very large mirror on the wall
Food on a grill with people working 
A narrow kitchen with a small stove, sink, and refrigerator.
A kitchen counter topped  with different appliances.
A beautiful large bath room with flowers and magazines inside. 
A group of motorcycles riding in formation behind a car.
A small galley kitchen with cabinets, counters and a table
Bathroom with a sink, toilet, shower and window.
A woman is holding a small dog in her arms.
A man preparing food in a kitchen next to a woman.
The kitchen has white cabinets and a window looking out. 
A microwave and a coffee machine in a room.
Three way stop sign on a tree lined street
The kitchen cabinets have wine glasses on top of them. 
this kitchen has tile floors and counter tops
this bathroom has white sinks and black counters
Man laying down on a seat in a vehicle reading books
Bathroom featuring a round window and tiled flooring
A sample of counter top surfaces are shown next to a showroom with sinks on it.
A cat is sitting on the stone with the man
a couple of people that have coats ont
Bathroom with large mirror, square sink and black counter
a few people that are messing with some kites
A bathroom vanity has various items and a phone
a lady that is walking with a umbrella
this bathroom has a painting on the wall
A walk in shower and sink are in the bathroom
A bathroom containing a counter, sink and mirror.
A white toilet sitting in the corner of a bathroom.
A couple of white bathrooms sinks sitting on a floor.
A set of three bathroom sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A bathroom mirror and sink in a bathroom 
a toilet and sink in a demolished bathroom
A microwave and a coffee maker on a counter.
there is a small white dog that has a strip of his hair painted red
A bathroom with a mirror, shower, towels and a glass shower door in it. 
a toilet that is next to a sink in a bathroom
An unfinished bathroom has a toilet and tools
this is a picture of a black and white bathroom
there is a stop sign along with a 3 way sign on the same pole
A tree that has purple flowers on it.
A man riding on the back of a horse.
A kitchen with tiled floors and walls and a small stove. 
A woman in a small kitchen cooking 
A woman sitting on a park bench in front of purple flowers. 
A bathroom with double sinks and a shower and tub 
A bunch of people in a black and white photo at the beach. 
A three way stop sign is mounted to a pole.
A bathroom with a glass shower door and a wood framed mirror. 
A bathroom in need of repair has a hole in the wall and insulation showing.
A woman standing in a kitchen with a tray of food.
A cat is walking on the floor in a room.
a kitchen that has a icebox and a stove
A bathroom has a missing toilet lid and a mess of clothes on the floor.
A woman is sitting on a bench outside.
A large empty kitchen with a counter between it and another room 
this kitchen is yellow and has a white fridge
a kitchen that has a counter with junk on it
a bathroom that has a white bath tub in it
A parking meter in front of a car. 
A kid with a toothbrush in a white sink.
There is dirty carpet on the bathroom floor.
a group of people that are standing in line
a messy kitchen that has s washer in it
a small bathroom with a toilet and a tub in it
An espresso machine and microwave are in this kitchen.
Kitchen cabinets and a small counter by a refrigerator 
a couple of people filling up a ban
A man is riding a bike and pushing a buggy in the front.
A fire hydrant spraying on a car on a city street corner 
There is a statue of a man's head next to a cat.
this bathroom is all white and has a wooden sink
A white bathroom has a black and white checkered floor.
This is a dirty bathroom with clothing all over the floor.
A bathroom with tiled floors and tiled walls. 
A bathroom with tiled floors and tiled walls. 
A bathroom with a huge mirror and two sinks 
A bathroom with tiled flooring and tiled walls. 
A bowl filled with fruit sitting on a counter.
A pretty lady smile as she lays next to a cat.
A woman is walking down the street with a red and white umbrella.
A small kitchen counter with appliances and a shelf
A shirtless man wrapped in a sheet is feeding a woman. 
a bathroom with a toilet and a bath tub
A man who appears levitated with a frying pan, and a knife in the air with a baby that appears to be sitting on a counter 
a kitchen that has some stuff on the counter
A baby is in the sink holding a toothbrush
a bathroom with a sink and a checkered floor
A white toilet sitting in a demolished bathroom.
A man is throwing water on a passing vehicle.
Two women squatting down and using their cellphones.
A narrow bathroom with the shower curtains drawn up.
There is a car parked next to a parking meter.
A cat is sleeping across her owners chest
A small bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub
Two pairs of scissors are hanged next to the window.
This office work station has black granite counters with sinks.
A small bathroom with only a toilet and sink.
a few people that are next to some old boats
A woman poses while standing in her kitchen.
A person on a bike with a beanie on. 
A man pretending to juggle with mental abilities. 
A small bathroom featuring a shower and a sink.
a dining area aboard a ship in the water
A bathroom has been destroyed and has holes in the wall
A very clean bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
A bicyclist uses an iphone while sitting on a bench.
There are kitchen appliances on a kitchen counter.
A commercial kitchen with a large pass-through and multiple ovens and dishwashers. 
A bathroom with gray walls and pictures on the wall and a white sink
Two people standing next to a rusting ship. 
a bathroom that has a toilet and a sink
Three bananas are hanging from a wooden stand.
A bathroom with carpeted floors and wallpaper covered walls. 
A man preparing a sandwich in a professional kitchen setting.
A kitchen with black appliances and red walls. 
this bathroom is all beige and has a white sink
a few people that are looking at a dog
A view of a bunch of burgers being made on a grill.
A bathroom has a shower with no curtain to separate it from the rest of the bathroom.
A sink sits at the back wall of a long narrow opening.
a lady in a pink kitchen standing at the stove
a room that has a bunch of glass bowls
An eat-in kitchen with a side-by-side refrigerator, dining table and chairs, corner hutch, and built-in bookshelves.
A monkey hanging from a shelf in a bathroom.
A very fancy looking rest room with some pretty sinks.
All of the fixtures in a well maintained bathroom
A cat hiding under a car by the tire 
A bathroom showing two sinks and a checkered floor. 
A kitchen living room combo with no dividing wall
A very big and very dimly lit room with a big window.
A look into a very narrow rest room with a tub.
A bathroom with walk up shower and sink 
A orange drink, sitting next to a fruit bowl.
A woman posing for a picture with her cat next to her.
Some people wearing some goggles and dressed very warm.
A well organized prep area in the kitchen is well stocked.
this bathroom is very long and is painted green
a small little bathroom with a sink in it
A couple help a child put cupcake batter into a pan. 
A cook is making hoagie sandwiches in a restaurant. 
This bathroom has a shower head coming out of the wall without an enclosure.
a man that is riding on a bike
A bathroom with a large round bathtub with two round sinks.
A man stands with his bike at a bike rake on a street.
a bathroom that has a bunch of sinks in it
Kitchen cabinets above refrigerator with magnets and notes.
A bathroom with a glass shower, sink and toilet is shown.
A fluffy cat is lying on top of a BMW car.
A group of men are standing as they train a dog.
A look into a very narrow looking kitchen with a black fridge.
There is a sink and a mirror in a bathroom.
Law enforcement officers training a dog for service. 
a person is sitting on a park bench outside
The small bathroom has pink cabinets and drawers.
A bathroom mirror is shown with hanging lights and a mirror vanity.
A bathroom has been vandalized and has bullet holes. 
A bathroom with a vanity, sink mirror and lights on an orange wall.
A single sink bathroom counter with light and mirror
A huge bathroom with a large window overlooks the ocean below.
Someone typing at a desktop computer keyboard. 
A woman standing next to a counter in the kitchen with bananas next to her.
Four men standing next to each other while another man holds a leash on a dog sniffing at one of the men's shoes. 
A pink bike is parked beside an old abandoned building. 
A woman walks down the street with an umbrella.
there is a black stove and wood cabinets in this kitchen
The small bathroom has a rug on the carpet and a potted plant in the corner of the ceiling.
A cat on the curb in front of a cars bumber
A young boy in a chef outfit is cooking in the kitchen.
Bathroom counter with large round mirror and orange wall.
Marble adorns every surface of this elegant bathroom.
A man is looking out his kitchen window.
The young man in the helmet jumps up with his skateboard.
this kitchen is very big and has many large appliances
A white tiled bathroom features children's toys and decor.
a public bathroom with two stalls, three sinks, and two larger sinks
An orange cat is laying across a woman's chest.
A man riding a bike over a little jump
A small galley kitchen with pink cabinets and a kettle on the stove.
three people closing their eyes standing in a line together
A woman using a lap top computer while a man watches.
A man sitting with two young boys eating hot dogs.
A woman holding a white colored dog with a red dyed mohawk hair style on the dog.
A bathroom with stone walls and tiled flooring. 
A young boy in the kitchen cooking some food
A bench on a sidewalk next to plants. 
there are two woman that are wearing sporting gear 
A woman walking while holding her umbrella and others walking. 
A fisheye lens shot of a bathroom with a glass shower stall.
A tabby cat asleep on the hood of a BMW car. 
A woman holding a small white dog 
A gas range with a microwave oven mounted overhead.
A kitchen with white cabinets and black counter tops.
A bathroom with tiled floors and tan walls. 
a boy crouches as a car drives through a giant puddle of water and sends up a giant splash of water
A view of a galley kitchen with overhead cabinets.
Two people in helmets pushing bicycles beside a train
A man is placing something on a woman's face.
A walk in shower sitting next to a bathroom mirror.
A bathroom with tiled floors and a tiled wall. 
A woman smiles in her stainless steel and tile kitchen.
A view of  a kitchen in the middle of day.
a woman holds a dog as she looks at her reflection in the mirror
A car parked on top of the curb next to a meter pole
A big mirror in a bathroom up above the sink
A white kitchen counter top next to a metallic sink.
A bathroom with an non-enclosed shower next to the toilet
A red stop sign sitting above a 3 way sign on the side of a road.
A bath in a bathroom with other furniture and accessories
a pink pike that is next to a building
A romantic bathroom and tub on board a boat.
A man and woman cooking together in a kitchen
a man that is standing in his kitchen at the sink
A man on a bicycle with pizza's strapped to the handlebars going over a ramp 
A kitchen with a cart, two sinks a pan of food on the stove and cabinets in it. 
There is a man sitting with two boys.
A white toilet sitting in a demolished bathroom.
A oven with old style burners on it.
a crowd of people stand around on a street, talking
Man standing in kitchen looking into the camera.
A metal bench on the sidewalk next to two potted flowers. 
a lot of people standing in the middle of the road with red stop lights 
A large galley kitchen with tile floors 
A white toilet sitting next to a sink in  a bathroom.
There is a hair dryer hanging up in the bathroom
a person that is sitting next to a cat
Bathroom with mirror, two sinks and tiled flooring.
There is a towel hanging in the bathroom.
A group of men working together in a kitchen
A green bag sitting on top of a table.
A white bath tub sitting next to a tiled wall.
A man and a woman with helmets on holding their bicycles as they get on a train. 
There is a bathroom with a door open.
a group of people that are sitting around a table
a counter top that has some food on top
A woman is cooking on the ground with various ingredients lay about.
A woman taking a picture of her dog and reflection in a mirror.
A man is levitating himself, a baby and other things in a kitchen.
A woman standing in a kitchen before a tray with prepared food on it
A group of people standing and sitting around a kitchen.
a spa tub and a shelf with rolled up towels
a clear umbrella in front of a row of bicycles
A white stove top oven sitting under a microwave.
A bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a bath tub.
a bathroom that has some soap bottles on a sink
A standard American style bathroom with all white fixtures.
An organized kitchen counter and stove with pots and utensils 
A white bath tub sitting under a bathroom window.
a man that is putting something in a ladies face
A row of white urinals mounted to a wall.
Ingredients for a cake next to the stove.
A bathroom and shower inside of a large recreational vehicle. 
A bathroom with a mirror and a double sink.
A man sitting on a horse on a hill 
a bathroom that has a mirror and a shower in it
a guy slipping on the floor juggling a knife and frying pan and a baby standing on the cabinet
a bust of a man in a suit behind stone replicas of hands using a ball of yarn to strangle a stone replica of a cat
A person holding their hands on a laptop computer.
Two adults and a child riding bicycles on a city street
a bathroom that has a sink in it
A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A black and white photo of a man in a kitchen
A man on a bicycle with a dog walking next to him
A bathroom with double white sinks, white towels, mirror, and paintings on the wall.
A red bicycle is leaning against a building.
A man with a dog is going for a bike ride.
A white toilet sitting next to a shower with a curtain.
A cat on top of a covered car by a house. 
a large kitchen that has a stove and a dishwasher
The baker is getting ready for his bread to be ready.
The small bathroom has a wild design painted on the floor.
A man with long hair and glasses standing in a kitchen. 
Fingers can be seen touching the keys on a keyboard.
There are people standing around in a crowd.
a car that is parked next to a coin meter
There is a man standing in the kitchen.
a person that is on their cell phone
There are three people walking across the street.
A mirror and white vanity in a grey bathroom.
Two people with bikes beside a tour bus. 
A tiny kitchen with pink cupboards and a chair 
A kitchen with a view from the table.
A cat lies beside a person sitting on a  rock.
A small bathroom with green and white walls
A man standing at the center of a kitchen
A bathroom with a bunch of sinks and stalls in it. 
A man is pulling on a leash while four men watch.
there is a large stand with pots and things in the kitchen
A colorfully dressed woman cooking an ethnic meal.
A lavendar and grey wash room features a toilet, bidet, and sink.
There are many towels next to the bathtub.
There is an umbrella sitting next to bicycles.
A black and white bathroom is pictured here.
A child on a bicycle inside of a restaurant 
Several men stand behind their motorcycles in front of a mountain range.
A gas stove is pictured next to a window with blind in it.
Cooking counter made of steel, with cooking accessories. 
A man is standing at a prep table making a sandwich.
Two brown haired women are sitting on a bed.
there is a man that is making food in a kitchen
Two people wearing goggles indoors at a ski resort 
This bathroom has carpeted flooring and outdated fixtures.
A man is sitting on a bicycle in the wilderness.
this bathroom has all white tile walls and a white tub
A counter top and cupboards sit under some shelves.
A luxury bathroom with double sinks and gold faucets 
there is a woman sitting on the ground making food
A white-tiled bathroom features black accents and black and white patterned tiles.
Man and woman looking at a laptop computer screen
A group of motorcyclists are traveling on a street.
there is a man and a woman walking with their bikes
The man stands behind a woman as she uses a laptop.
The hair dryer is hanging next to the sink mirror.
A man on a bicycle with pizza boxes riding over a ramp.
A person under an umbrella on the sidewalk in the rain 
A light is beside the mirror above the kitchen sink.
People crossing the street in a city 
A person is getting on a bicycle on a concrete path.
A bathroom with a washer or dryer in it is pictured.
Several motorcycles and helmets parked as the motorists stand together. 
A bathroom with a white toilet, white sink, wood cabinet, and mirror.
The person is mounting the bicycle as he rides beside a white building.
A pretty white andorange cat walks along a widewalk
Cars can be seen in the distance near the three way stop signs.
there is a wall unit and a mirror on the wall of this kitchen
A woman standing with a tray of food 
The black dog is looking up while standing on a checkered tile floor.
This kitchen is very cluttered with every appliance imaginable
A nice spa area with a nice tub in the back.
A see through umbrella with a white handle sitting on a sidewalk.
A double sink bathroom with an opening into a bedroom.
A man riding a bike with his helmet on through the grass. 
A bathroom is shown with a glass door shower and a mirror showing the bedroom.
A bathroom with a toilet, a tub and a mirror. 
Several groups of people are standing outside of a building.
A bathroom with tiled floors and green walls. 
A father wits with his two sons as they eat hotdogs
Wooden kitchen cabinets and drawers with stainless steel top
A bathroom with a toilet and colorful walls. 
Construction tools sit in a bathroom that has has the walls and floor torn up.
A bathroom with red walls and a white toilet. 
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A bathroom with four sinks mounted to it.
Three men are carrying various items across an intersection.
The bathroom with dual sinks has a checkered tile floor.
The cat is standing in front of the car. 
A white toilet sitting in a bathroom with a brown lid.
A man under the hood of a car while a dog is next to him. 
A bust of president Kennedy next to a statue of two hands and a cat.
Dog standing on checkered tiled flooring in residence.
A man standing next to a dog as he works on his car.
The white refrigerator is next to the kitchen counter.
A bathroom with double sink, tub, laundry basket, mirror towel rack.
A man is reading next to a pile of comic books.
there are many people standing together in this room
A woman walking with a red and white umbrella by her side.
A pan, a propane tank and a counter, drawer and cabinet sitting outside.
A cat walking down a sidewalk pauses in front of a parked car.
A view of a bathroom with a towel rolled up next to the shower.
A person sitting on a horse on top of a grassy hill. 
Two towels are folded at the edge of the bed.
A white toilet sitting next to a sink.
Chefs working in a kitchen at a restaurant.
In the kitchen, a lady getting something from the refrigerator while a man is putting something in a pan.
A large black and brown dog standing next to a bike while attached to a pole on a leash.
A small kitchen with cluttered counter tops in the average apartment.
An immaculately clean bathroom with a curved tub. 
The stove below the microwave has two towels on the door handle.
The bathroom has a shower door on the side of the tub.
A group of people sitting around a table together.
a mens bath room with two stalls. 
Four restaurant workers are preparing meals in a kitchen.
the man is doing a trick on his skateboard.
Four people look at an open box with a cake inside.
A couple of men standing near a bicycle parking place.
A white toilet sitting under a bathroom window.
A man and woman looking at a laptop.
a cabinet with a coffee pot, toaster radio and microwve
The elderly person wearing a cap is smiling.
The people are riding on motorcycles in the street. 
A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A group of people sitting around at a dinner table.
A clay sculpture bust of a man is above a cat with tied with strings between two clay hands.
Group of bikers posing in front of a mountain.
A person gets ready to mount their bicycle.
A group of people ride their motorcycles behind a car.
A large is bathroom is shown with a large bathtub with several windows facing outside.
A clear umbrella is sitting on the ground next to bicycles.
A red bicycle sitting along the side of the street.
a fancy bathroom in a upper scale hotel 
A view of a clock tower with people around it.
There is no image on this page to describe.
A washing machine in a handicap accessible bathroom.
A man standing on the sidewalk on the phone while another man is standing in the street. 
A view of a person pushing a bike next to a boat.
a man wearing hat glasses and a plaid jacket
A man hosing a red car down with water.
Person peddling the bike to power up the blender on the back rack.
A kitchen with a microwave, stove, cabinets and bottles on the counter. 
A bathroom with a sink, a mirror, toilet and tiled walls. 
A black dog running on a field of snow.
A train station with a train sitting there waiting to be loaded.
A bathroom toilet in the middle of being remodeled.
A man getting a donut out of a box. 
A man who is taking a drink in the kitchen.
Woman making dough with various plates next to a fire.
A mirror reflection above the sink shows the toilet and bathtub.
A room with a bed, lamp, pictures on the wall and a chair in it. 
A man with a helmet on in the air on a skateboard.
A man who is laying down next to a some books.
A couple of people standing in front of a mirror.
A group of people who are congregating in a street.
A woman standing next to a bike with a crate on it carrying a dog. 
A horse drawn carriage with a man and a boy in it riding down a road. 
A kitchen with a hug rack of kitchen goods in the middle.
An empty bed in a small, plainly furnished room.
A pretty young woman walking a bike with a small dog in a basket.
Several cooks prepare food in the kitchen of a restaurant.
A bathroom with a large upper story window.
A line of many parked bicycles in front of a shop. 
Inside of a bathroom with a sink and mirror.
A woman typing on a keyboard with a pen and pad next to it. 
A kitchen with a white refrigerator and wood cabinets above.
Inside of a kitchen with a sink and refrigerator.
A kitchen with white cabinets, a sink and refrigerator covered with photos and fish magnets. 
Four people standing in a kitchen near an open box of a cake. 
The person is walking his bicycle near a metal rack with bikes parked at it.
A decorative blue bench along a city street.
There are two sinks and a tub/shower combination in this bathroom.
Dog standing in the kitchen looking at something.
A washing machine in a bathroom with a toilet and a paper towel dispenser.
The people at the table are all looking at their cell phones.
A cat passes in front of the grate of a blue car.
A lady with a tray that has three plates of food on it.
A man preparing a sandwich in a restaurant. 
Man picking up a doughnut in a box standing outside.
A person wearing a helmet sitting on a park bench with a bicycle leaning  on the side.
A very small kitchen with pink cabinets. 
A woman dressed in colorful clothing preparing a meal.
Inside of a bathroom with a sink and toilet.
The man is laying next to a stack of books.
Group of chefs preparing dishes in the kitchen.
A bust with two hands holding string for a cat statue.
Inside of bathroom with toilet and washing machine.
The large bathroom has three sinks on the wall.
A bathroom that has a large rub and black tile floor.
A clear umbrella that has been placed on the ground.
a bathroom with a chipped sink and holes in the walls 
Two toilets against a wall in a lavatory.
A bathroom with a toilet and a bath tub.
A bathroom with brown tile and a white scale on the floor.
Two females are sitting down and talking to each other.
A small dog is at the feet of a man looking under the hood of a car.
The view of a bathroom vanity sink and tub.
There is a washing machine in the bathroom.
A bathroom that has two sinks in it.
A bathroom with damaged walls, sink, and mirror.
This person is getting ready to ride a bicycle.
A man riding on the back of a bike through a forest.
A small tiled bathroom with sink, toilet, and bathtub.
Four people are staring of a cake still in its box.
A bathroom that has some designs on the floor.
A silver shelf that is in the middle of a kitchen.
This bathroom has tile walls and white fixtures.
A woman in a bathing suit next to a dog inside a milk crate attached to a bike.
Outdated kitchen with bottles of alcohol on counter
Nicely redone bathroom with tub and tiles and a toilet
A kitchen with green walls and stainless steel and black appliances.
A white sink in a bathroom next to a white toilet.
A white stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
a stove counter top microwave and cabinets by a window
A group of people poses with their motorcycles and a mountain in the background.
A couple of people sitting under a tree filled with lots of purple flowers.
A red car is getting wet from an open fire hydrant.
A motorized bicycle is chained to a fence while a car passes by.
A view of a bathroom counter, with a black dog resting his head on the bathtub on the left side of the room.
A man and a woman helping a child make cupcakes.
A boy walks his bike through green grass in front of a house.
A white tiled bathroom with a sink and bathtub and towel rack.
Man standing in front of counter looking out window
this man is eating a box of donuts
A blue bench sitting on the side of a road near a parked car.
Four people are standing in a kitchen near a cake.
A man standing in the midst of cattle on a  dirt field.
a tank next to a stove on a table
A biker sits on a bench on her phone.
A man hops onto his bicycle beside the railing.
A white bathroom with white walls and tiled floors. 
Two urinals in a bathroom separated by a small wall.
A bathroom that's being remodeled and has a toilet.
A kitchen with cooking utensils suspended over a stove.
A black and white bathroom with a checkered floor and a flower shower curtain. 
Two children eating a hot dog and sitting on a man's lap.
Cute cat sleeping on top of woman wearing glasses
A group of people in a room with food.
A man sitting on top of a bench near a bike.
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
A group of bikes locked outside a shop. 
A group of people doing tasks in a kitchen.
A stalk of bananas on a bicycle parked against a tree.
A parking meter and a vehicle on a lot.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower area.
A man is sitting on the floor working on a cabinet.
A bathroom with tan walls and tiled floors. 
A small clock tower in a town plaza.
A kitchen with green walls and tiled flooring. 
a bunch of cars are passing by a couple meters
there are many people that are gathered in this square
this is a large bathroom with a tub and toilet
That wooden toilet seat can't be very comfortable.
A family prepares a meal in the kitchen and dining area.
A group of people are sitting and standing around a cake with colorful icing.
an Indian riding a black and white horse bareback 
A kitchen with a stove, microwave, sink, and other kitchen items. 
The sink is above a turquoise tile sink.
A man parking his bicycle in a designated area on a city street
A women who is holding a dog looking into a mirror.
Two people sitting on a concrete bench under a cherry blossom tree. 
A kitchen and a dinner room close together. 
a microwave is sitting under a mirror in a room
A large black dog standing on top of snow.
Two red trains parked closely next to each other.
A clean lookign bathroomw ith a lifted toilet seat
A group of people who are working at a restaurant. 
there is a man standing in the field with two cows
There is a boombox sitting on the kitchen counter.
The people are doing various things in the house.
Two people riding bicycles in the  city.
A man standing in front of a car with it's hood open and a dog standing in front of the car.
A blue toilet sitting next to a sink.
A man on a horse without a saddle stands on a hill.
a man rides a bike through a dry grass field 
A group of people arguing in front of a bus.
A row of sinks, in a bathroom, under a mirror.
there is a do9g that is in the bathroom looking in the tub
Boy with bicycle standing on bags in back of truck.
A person with a baseball hat, glasses and a plaid flannel shirt on.
A large bathroom with sink, toilet, and shower.
A bathroom urinal with a air freshener sitting inside of it.
A chef standing inside of a kitchen behind a grill.
A man and woman cook in a kitchen.
A bathroom with a white tub and white ceramic tile with a white sink.
A bathroom that appears toe be very small and cluttered.
a kitchen with a fridge and a oven inside of it 
A bathroom with a walk in shower next to a sink.
there is a striped curtain in this bathroom
A line of bicycles on a sidewalk for rent.
there is a purple curtain that is in this bathroom
A dog standing in a  bathroom next to a bath tub.
there are many bikes that are parked in a line together
A dog walks into a bathroom with the toilet in a separate room.
The girls puppy is sitting in a bicycle basket.
a happy black dog running in the snow
a bench sitting on a platform between two passenger trains
A street wet from rain and crowded with cars.
A man is riding a bike while wearing a helmet
A small bathroom with a vanity, toilet and tub
A man and woman are in the kitchen
A man wearing a yellow hat and a plaid shirt.
This young man is cutting across the yard with his bicycle.
A repair man is fixing the cabinet in the kitchen
A bathroom sink made of a bowl and a facet.
the toilet is white and the cabinets are brown in this bathroom
the dog investigates the shower in the bathroom
A small bathroom with a cabinet over the toilet
this bathroom has blue tiles and a white toilet
A dog runs through snow as a person bicycles in the background.
A train sitting at a station waiting for passengers.
A row of parked motorcycles sitting below a tall mountain.
a car with a tarp on sits in front if a house 
A person walking down a sidewalk with a  colorful umbrella.
A group of people riding bikes down a street at night.
a dog sticks its head out of a moving car 
A view of a sink with a  very different kind of appeal to it.
A bathroom are with a shower, toilet, sink and picture.
a group of people inside of a kitchen 
A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.
A woman walking down a street with a bag on top of her head.
A woman preparing food while standing in a  kitchen.
a toilet sits in a cluttered bathroom next to a sink
The cat is sleeping on a woman's chest. 
A group of people sitting at a table with beers and drinks.
The man is fixing the under side of a kitchen cabinet. 
A pink bike sitting next to the wall.
Man standing over two cows watching them feed.
A bathroom area with a sink, shower and a tiled wall.
this bathroom is very large and has a glass shower
a little plant sitting by a bathroom window 
Small white vehicle with a white dog looking out window.
A bathroom with brown tile floors, a white toilet and a white sink.
A toilet and a window in a room.
A man performs skateboard tricks on a sidewalk
Personal kitchen with several different cupboards on the wall. 
a bathroom with a toilet sitting next to a sink 
A modern kitchen with a glass of wine on the counter.
The portable stereo is on the kitchen counter next to the stove. 
a bathroom with a toilet sitting next to a sink 
A wine glass and a bowl on a counter.
A black and white photo of a person with two cows.
The kitchen's butcher block counters match the dining room table. 
A person holding an umbrella on a walkway.
there are two woman that are standing in the kitchen
A view of a bathroom with very bare walls.
a man riding a bike close to a red fence 
a shower curtain with some colorful fish on the side of it 
a man sitting on a colorful bike with people looking at it 
She is washing the lettuce in order to remove any dirt.
A man riding up the side of a ramp.
this kitchen has all white appliances and a table 
A very plain bathroom with white walls, brown tiles and several swag lamps.
a bathroom with a brown curtain for the shower 
A woman has a tray of three plates.
Many people are strolling through the open plaza. 
A kitchen is shown through a countertop window.
A cat that is standing on the top of a car.
a group of people stand in a circle 
A bathroom has a toilet in the corner, a standing sink, and black and white tile.
A small kitchen has a black refrigerator with a towel.
A woman wearing glasses, holding a large orange cat.
a tree with a lot of pink flowers sitting next to a bench 
a woman with a bird on its shoulder with a child
A group of people and bicycles on a sidewalk at night.
some parking meters sitting on the side of the road 
A bicycle with a large amount of bananas on the back of it.
A white bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
there is a small black and brown dog tied to a pole
A bathroom that consists of a scale and a hamper. 
A glass of good wine helps the cook do the cooking.
A small white bathroom with a glass enclosed shower.
Two sinks that are in front of a mirror.
there is a man walking in the street holding a umbrella
There is on image on this page to describe.
A wooden white shelf sitting over a white toilet in a bathroom.
A stereo sits to the left of the range in the kitchen.
A bike parked up against a fence near a street.
a bathroom with a sink an mirror inside of it 
The cooks are preparing meals in the restaurant kitchen.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink, mirror and towel rack.
A bathroom with a tub, shower curtain, a toilet and a roll of tissue in there.
A brown horse pulling a couple of people behind it.
Two toilets sitting next to each other in a  bathroom.
A park bench that is very different in nature.
It's not a double sink, only a mirror that includes a finger and thumb. 
A bathroom with all its necessities, like a toilet and a bathtub. 
there is a man and a boy riding a horse and carriage 
A bunch of uriinals and sinks are next to a large window.
a boy holding a bike as he walks across the yard 
A bathroom that has a scale on the floor.
A small bathroom has two hanging hand towels.
there is a male skateboarder that is doing a trick
A man sitting near a wall with different size scissors hanging on the wall.
a bathroom with a toilet inside of it 
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A man in a skirt is on the dirt with two cows.
Two people on a bed facing each other and smiling. 
The umbrella hides the owner, barely revealing the shoes.
A urinal that is written on with a urinal cake inside of it.
A woman carrying a bag on her head and in her hand.
A woman preparing some tortilla's with toppings on them.
there is a man sitting on the floor fixing something
A dog is poking its head out of a small vintage car window.
A bathroom with a white toilet next to a tub.
A crowd standing in the street with people talking to each other.
Double sinks in a bathroom are a double treat for homeowners.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a kitchen.
there are many people that are sitting in front of a cake
A small gray and white cat rubbing up against an antennae on top of a car. 
A kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, cabinets, microwave and drawers in there.
A teenager is on tall grass with a bicycle.
An automobile is wrapped up in front of a brick building.
A tan kitchen with white appliances and wood cabinets.
A white toilet sitting next to a walk in shower.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.
there are many cooks in this large kitchen
A wet street with moving cars, parked cars, and parking meters.
A sink with green tiles behind it, and towels on the wall.
A pleasant smile adorns this older mans face. 
A couple is making food in the kitchen together.
The bathroom is lined wall to wall with urinals and sinks.
this bathroom has a very large mirror in it
Several adults and kids standing in the snow with skis on.
A bathroom that has towels hanging from a rack.
A man that is looking inside of a car.
A bathroom with a  large golden framed mirror above it's sink.
A worker runs water through a pot next to a tub of vegetables. 
A dog tied to a pole, with a bike behind it.
A person is taking a picture of herself looking in a bathroom mirror while a man stands behind her. 
there is a man covered in snow holding a bike
A view of a bathroom, with the door open.
Small shallow toilet in a square stall next to a roll of toilet paper.
Man standing behind a bicycle during a winter afternoon.
A man that is sitting in front of a cabinet.
A man sitting on a bike, posing for a picture.
A woman takes a picture of herself in the mirror.
A bed with clean sheets stacked at the end.
a man standing on a tiled floor in a kitchen
some people sitting on bikes in front of a passenger bus 
the bathroom has a large counter and a bath tub
Man cooking a meal while a woman looks into her refrigerator.
A woman wearing an apron and chef hat straining some veggies.
A man picking up a doughnut out of a box.
A woman holds a dog and looks in the mirror. 
A black cat stands on a ledge in a bathroom.
there are many cars and n=meters on this street
A white bath tub sitting next to two toilets.
A pristine bathroom contains a toilet, sink, and mirror.
A white car with a white dog hanging out the side of a window.
A car with a cover on it with a cat laying on top.
A toilet and sink sit in an empty bathroom. 
A boy holding a bike walking down the street.
A cat sitting on a car while looking forward. 
A black dog is standing on a black and white checkered floor.
A white toilet sitting next to a bath tub in a bathroom.
a bathroom with grey walls and a long blue counter 
A dog tied to a sign next to a man on a bike.
Two toilets that are in a public restroom.
People standing around a kitchen island with two fake sharks.
A couple of people getting ready to eat a giant cake.
A white toilet sitting next to a  toilet paper roller.
Bathroom with bath, shower head, toilet, mirrors, towels and window in it.
A dog is standing on a checkered floor.
two toilets some toilet paper and white bricks
A white toilet sitting in the corner of a bathroom.
Man smiling in the mirror while another man takes a photograph.
two sinks a toilet mirrors and a counter
kid with cooking uniform riding a multicolored bike
A woman in a bikini with a crate on her bike.
some tables and chairs pots and bowls and people
A bathroom with three large pattern bowl sinks.
The reflection of two people with cameras in a bathroom mirror and one person taking a photo with their camera.
A bathroom with a white toilet, beige sink and vanity, and a painting on the wall.
A kitchen with a sink, toaster and refrigerator.
A dog is hanging his head out the window of a white car.
The bathroom features a tilted toilet and straight sink.
A woman standing in a  kitchen preparing food.
Well decorated bathroom with artwork and earth toned tile and paint.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer next to a doorway.
gas stove and light next to small counter
A bicycle loaded with unripe bananas leans against a tree.
a bathroom with two sinks and a big mirror 
The white bathroom features a wooden toilet and an antique sink.
A group of people preparing a bunch of food.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and mirror.
A bathroom that has a double sin and large mirror on one wall and another small vanity and mirror on another wall.
a male in a black shirt a stove and cabinets
A cat sitting on top of a car with a tarp over it.
Two people stand next to each other in a kitchen.
A couple of birds sitting on the shoulder of a lady, with a baby watching.
There is a toilet below the sunny window.
A room with an oven opens up into a dining room.
a blue bicycle chained to a silver and orange railing
A white toilet sitting under a bathroom window.
A view of a bathroom from the entrance.
A kitchen with a white sink and a stove top oven.
A bathroom that has a toilet with a sink and counter combination above it and a shower and bathtub combination to the side.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer next to a window.
A bathroom that has a double sink with a full size mirror on the wall above it and a walk in shower in the next area.
The cars and bicycles are waiting at the traffic light.
A bathroom with a sink, toilet, mirror and shower.
A sink, shelves, and cabinets are uniquely decorated.
Small toilet and large sink in a small bathroom area.
Two birds sit on a woman's shoulder while she holds a baby.
a wooden counter a silver oven a glass and a microwave
A woman standing in front of a mirror holding a dog.
A gray and white cat with stripes that is standing on top of a vehicle and rubbing against an antenna.
A large brown dog laying on top of a wooden floor.
A toilet and sink sit next to a shower with an open curtain.
Two people sitting on a bench under a tree with pink blossoms.
A couple of cats sitting on top of a bathroom sink.
A sink that has some decorations in the basin of it.
A kitchen and dinning room that has a potted plant on the table. 
a sink a toilet a bidet toilet paper towels and mirror
A bathroom stall with a toilet, paper dispenser and trash can.
A white bathroom with a stand alone shower and sink.
A man holding a bicycle on a truck filled with bags.
Two photographers reflected in a bathroom mirror. 
there s a man making a angry face standing in the kitchen
A restroom that has a sink, a mirror, and a toilet. 
Three young men sitting close behind a tasty square cake.
The dog's leash is attached to a street sign beside the bicyclist. 
A cat sits on top of a car outside a house.
A view of a city at night with a building in the back.
The man in the red jacket is sitting on his bike near trees. 
The dining table is near a stove that is built into the kitchen counter.
A bathroom that has some tiles missing and items in the tub.
The plate pick-up area of a restaurant kitchen, with a line chef standing behind the counter.
there is a cat that is standing on top of a car
A view of a bunch of sinks, in a black and white photo.
a bathroom somewhat dirty from some remodeling 
this gray cat is on top of a car
A semi oval looking bathroom that is in someone's house. 
A bunch of  floating blow up sharks in a room.
a person running in a marathon reaching for a donut
A man is riding a bike next to a dog.
A kitchen with a wooden dining table and chairs.
A painting hangs in on the wall in a bathroom.
A cat is standing on a ledge in a bathroom.
this bathroom is white and yellow and has a white toilet
the kitchen counter in a restaurant with a cook smiling
There are many people skiing on the snowy mountain.
this man is doing a trick on his board
A person in a hat and apron riding a bicycle to run a blender while others watch.
landscape of a snowy mountain with people standing on skis
this is a black dog running in the snow
a man is walking behind a set of red trains
Outdoor grill being used to scramble eggs outside a house.
A toilet in a bathroom with green tiles and a blue wall.
Three people at a intersection are waiting for the light to change. 
We are more than prepared to do so but certain framework conditions have to be complied with.
This will be a particularly decisive question when elections are held in autumn.
How representative will these elections be?
I am delighted that elections are being held, but how representative will they be if not everyone in the country can take part or those who do later flee?
But Macedonia has a democracy, democratic potential, and the European Union in particular will help the Albanian minority, which is a large minority in Macedonia, to develop.
But we expect the Albanian majority in Kosovo, with all due respect for the justified claims of their brothers and sisters in Macedonia, to distance themselves from terrorism.
Thirdly: I think that, as far as economic questions are concerned, it is important for Kosovo to develop its own economic resources over the course of time.
I refer in particular to the question of the mines in Trebca.
A problem arises in this context and I am delighted that Commissioner Solbes Mira is here and I can specifically ask him.
The problem which arises concerns the changeover to the euro.
What will happen to the de facto currency in Kosovo and in other areas of the Balkans, but especially in Kosovo?
I refer to the Deutschmark.
Will the Commission address this and, if so, when, so that some form of solution can be found to this question, which is fundamental to the development of Kosovo?
Mr President, Mr rok is right to say that we are that much wiser now as regards the docking of pigs' tails.
But we still have not worked out how to cut the Gordian knot around Kosovo, despite numerous attempts.
Ladies and gentlemen, if a neutral observer were to come to every sitting of the European Parliament, he would conclude that we are a monotonous lot.
FYROM, Kosovo, former Yugoslavia.
Our obsession with this subject basically illustrates that we are at an impasse.
We must find a way out of this impasse.
Meeting after meeting, prime ministers, ministers, representatives, visits, but still no results.
Today we are being asked to approve more financial assistance for Kosovo and we must approve it so that we can help the people working there to resolve the problems.
But, you see, every irregularity in the area as a whole emanates from Kosovo.
In other words, maybe we are providing a safe haven there, from which various terrorist groups are able to organise terrorist attacks on the area with impunity?
We have witnessed the end of the Milosevic era and that is a good thing.
But immediately afterwards we witnessed a development in southern Serbia, a half-hearted attempt at destabilisation in Montenegro, which proper intervention halted.
And then, you see, there was the threat in southern Serbia that the Yugoslav army would return to the border.
Perhaps we should now allow the Yugoslav army to proceed to the border with Kosovo, as provided for by the UN, perhaps this threat can be partly defused?
It is most strange.
If one soldier were to sit next to another at five-metre intervals, they would form an unbroken barrier at the border.
So in this sense, it is good that the political efforts being made on all sides are accompanied by grim determination.
Because, you see, any continuation of this instability in the area will lead nowhere.
If some people think that new nation states are going to emerge from this tragedy, they are wrong.
In other words, if anyone ever dreams about ethnically clean areas, they will look like DNA diagrams.
And that is what we must secure.
We are talking about macroeconomic aid to Kosovo, which is a different type of measure.
We are talking simply about budget aid for the United Nations administration in the area.
As a result, some of the problems that you have put forward in your proposals, as we will see later, should, in our opinion, be interpreted differently.
We are not talking about our aid, but about elements associated with the introduction of a market economy.
We are talking about an exceptional type of aid, which is not dedicated to specific projects and is not linked to any other type of commitment.
In this respect it is radically different from the CART aid, which is why it needs a different legal basis, as we explain in our proposal.
It is true that there is some investment expenditure associated with public companies, but we are mainly talking about current expenditure.
We agree with this idea and our medium-term objective is for the Kosovo budget to be able to fund itself.
Last year, the funding was 50-50.
Our aim is that progress should continue to be made and we hope that in 2001, 75% of the total budget will be covered by own funds.
Another of your concerns was to know what is happening with the other donors.
There is a reasonable amount of burden-sharing between the donors.
Of course we are not considering an additional budgetary allocation.
There are resources to carry out this funding with the proportion of the macroeconomic aid included in budgetary heading B7-548 related to the Balkans.
With regard to the amendments that have been put forward, I would like to make a few comments that could help the debate.
First of all, we can quite readily accept some of the amendments.
I am referring to Amendments Nos 1, 3, 6 and 9.
This is clearly covered in Recital 9, which says that "the provision of external budgetary support, fairly shared among donors, is essential to help cover the residual financing needs ".
Nor do we consider Amendment No 10 to be necessary, because it states that the aid must clearly focus on the budget.
The aid is purely budgetary, and it is not therefore necessary to highlight a point that we feel should be taken for granted.
However, we are not talking about CART, but about something completely different.
This is not one of my colleague Chris Patten' s responsibilities. I myself have direct sole and exclusive responsibility for the budget within the area of macroeconomic aid.
Therefore, we think that these amendments should not be included, because they would cause some confusion.
There is a series of amendments regarding deadlines, procedures and monitoring, in particular Amendments Nos 7, 11 and 14.
I would like to comment on each of them.
A problem about which Mr Brok is particularly concerned is that of information.
Obviously we are prepared to provide all the necessary information.
The problem arises if this information has to be drawn up in the context of other aid, in accordance with the progress of the reform.
Amendment No 11 considers the possibility of creating a group within the Council, of a political nature, to undertake consultations on the implementation of this aid.
We are talking here about assistance, as I was saying, for UNMIK' s budget, with very specific objectives.
I would like to make a comment on two other amendments that I think are of interest: Amendment No 12 asks for two things.
Firstly, for the aid to be implemented within a maximum of six weeks.
We can undertake to implement it as soon as possible.
For this reason we do not think that this request is correct.
Lastly, the Commission could accept Amendment No 14 if it were worded differently.
The Commission accepts the spirit of the request, but we think that its wording needs to be improved in order to prevent practical problems.
A final comment on Mr Swoboda' s question on the use of the euro in the Kosovo area.
I would remind you that, as you know, this was a unilateral decision taken by the Kosovo authorities.
Thank you, Commissioner Solbes Mira.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
(The sitting was closed at 11.30 p.m.)
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
The Minutes of yesterday' s sitting have been distributed.
Are there any comments?
(The Minutes were approved)
Mr President, I would like to return to a matter which I am recorded as having raised in yesterday's minutes.
Question Time to the Commission yesterday was truncated to a single hour, during which only five questions were answered.
It will be disastrous for the Union if we carry on this practice of truncating Question Time and having very few questions dealt with properly.
I am glad to see Mr Provan here today, because this kind of question falls within his remit as a Member of Parliament's Bureau.
I put it to Members that it is vital that we question the Commission effectively.
We are not doing this at the moment.
We are taking note of your comment and it will be duly considered.
Mr Andrews has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I refer to an administrative change that has been made in Parliament, which comes to me as news.
Apparently, a contract has been signed by a new travel agency to replace Wagonlit.
Since I came to this House in 1984, Wagonlit has provided an excellent service.
Now we have a new travel agency coming in to takeover, maybe to save the Community a few pounds.
Travel for Members of this House is difficult enough without bringing in new agencies, without consulting Members.
Some of the best travel agents who have served the Members of this House are going to leave.
There should be more consultation when administrative changes of this kind are made.
I think it is not a Parliament decision but a Commission decision.
It is yet another undermining of the services to which Members are entitled.
I hope the President will inform us of the reasons for the allocation of these contracts and the savings made.
I have absolutely no interest other than the convenience of Members.
(The President cut the speaker off)
We are taking note of your concern and the Bureau of Parliament will consider the matter.
Mr Fitzsimons has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I wish to speak briefly on another point of order in relation to the Minutes.
Much of the debate here yesterday focused on the Irish people's decision in relation to the Nice Treaty.
I merely wish to say on this point of order that the Irish people took a democratic decision that we all accept.
The Irish people believe in the European Union and in enlargement, and will deal with these issues in its own time and in its own way.
I can assure the Members of this House that in doing so, the French National Front was abusing the Irish flag and everything it stands for.
Mr President, on a point of order.
Like Mr Andrews, I, too, feel a great deal of concern at the way this matter of the travel office has been handled.
I am not sure that the administration has actually raised it with the College of Quaestors, which would be the correct body to refer the matter to.
It is really for them to look after Members' interests.
I think he has the matter well in hand.
Mr President, I would like to raise two different points.
This must be reiterated, otherwise we really do face the prospect of having sessions that are utterly disorganised.
Thank you, Mr Bourlanges.
The correction that you have pointed out to us will be made.
Mrs Klamt has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I wish to raise a point about yet another problem with the travel office in Strasbourg.
The administration of the European Parliament stipulates in the contract that only vehicles without taxi signs may be used. This appears to contravene French legislation.
The French Ministry of the Interior stated in a letter back in 1998 that special rules apply in Strasbourg.
I should therefore like to urge you, Mr President, to make representations to the French Ministry of the Interior on the need for a permanent, practicable regulation for the drivers.
If, in addition to poor flight connections to and from Strasbourg, further restrictions are imposed on Members via the travel office, Strasbourg will become an even less attractive location.
Thank you, Mrs Klamt.
We will deal with the matter.
Mr Corbett has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, what Mr Bourlanges said just now about the lack of time in Strasbourg is somewhat exaggerated.
If you look at yesterday's minutes, you will see that under Item 5 it says that 'the sitting was suspended at 11.30 awaiting voting time and resumed at 12.00'.
So we had half an hour to spare.
That time could have been used more profitably in this plenary session.
Hence it is totally incorrect to state that the problem with Question Time to the Commission stemmed from our not having sufficient time because we no longer sit on Fridays.
Thank you very much, Mr Corbett.
Structural measures
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
A5-0195/2001 by Mr Martnez Martnez, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposals for Council regulations amending, as regards the structural measures:
I. Regulation (EEC) No 3763/91 introducing specific measures in respect of certain agricultural products for the benefit of the French Overseas Departments
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0748/2000 - 2000/0307(CNS)]
II. Regulation (EEC) No 1600/92 concerning specific measures for the Azores and Madeira relating to certain agricultural products
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0749/2000 - 2000/0308(CNS)]
III. Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 concerning specific measures for the Canary Islands with regard to certain agricultural products
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0750/2000 - 2000/0309(CNS)]
A5-0197/2001 by Mr Martnez Martnez, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposals for Council regulations:
I. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the French Overseas Departments
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0744/2000 - 2000/0313(CNS)]
II. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the Azores and Madeira
[COM(2000) 791 and COM(2001) 156 - C5-0745/2000 - 2000/0314(CNS)]
III. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the Canary Islands
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0746/2000 - 2000/0316(CNS)]
IV. amending Regulation (EC) No 1254/1999 establishing the common organisation of the market in beef and veal
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0747/2000 - 2000/0317(CNS)]
Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0751/2000 - 2000/0310(CNS)]
[COM(2001) 62 - C5-0077/2001 - 2001/0035(CNS)]
Distance, internal dispersion and climate have been significant obstacles to their development.
Distance and transport costs for imports and exports, and the small size of these territories have prevented them from attracting and benefiting from significant investment.
The aim was to promote sustainable development and strengthen job-creating production sectors.
This was done using the Structural Funds and by favourably adjusting common policies, particularly the CAP.
Special aid was thus established for particular local products and the supply of raw materials was improved through specific supply arrangements included in the respective POSEIs.
The reform plan that was presented to us was moving in the right direction, but it fell short in its proposals.
With these amendments we are expressing our will to overcome once and for all the problems of our outermost regions.
Besides, the costs of the improvements that we are proposing are certainly insignificant in the context of the budgetary proportions that the Union deals with.
Mr President, my report also relates to the implementation in the fisheries sector of Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam, which concerns the EU' s ultra peripheral regions.
Since the Treaty was signed, it has enabled the policies affected to be legitimately adjusted whilst safeguarding the coherence of the Community legal system.
In the fisheries sector, three Member States are affected;
Spain, Portugal and France.
Seven regions are also affected and these are the Azores, Madeira, the Canary Islands, Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique and Runion.
Many special measures are therefore permitted, namely, the Structural Funds, for both fishing and regional policy.
This adjustment has, of course, been approved in the report that I am presenting. Some amendments have also been tabled, which I would like to take you through briefly.
I tabled one in particular, which was adopted by the Committee on Fisheries.
My amendment and the amendment tabled by the Committee on Fisheries are therefore based on this 'exception' .
We should, therefore, and this is what is being proposed to you, adjust the rates in Group 2.
This would have a positive impact on the development of inshore fishing and the improved processing of catches and would also meet the expectations of those working in the sector.
In my view, this amendment to the report is essential.
There is a second amendment, Amendment No 6 by Mrs McKenna, which does not present any problems.
Lastly, there are Amendments Nos 7 and 8, which raise the issue of non-retroactivity.
This issue was raised at the meeting of the Committee on Fisheries.
The Commission was, moreover, not very specific, and was even hesitant, not to mention the fact that it did not provide an answer in its reply.
The amendment is still on the agenda, since it was re-tabled.
The opinions of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development are positive.
Given that the two other committees delivered a favourable opinion, however, and that the European Commission was not very specific, I propose to deliver a favourable opinion.
If this turns out to be absolutely impossible from a legal perspective, the law will settle the affair.
If it is possible, we must do so, and if we do, we will have voted in favour of a very good cause.
Mr President, as I think that you all already know, the negotiations to renew the fisheries agreement with Morocco came to an end without that renewal having taken place.
This period and the extension period ended on 31 December, while we were still in the middle of negotiations with Morocco.
It was therefore a totally reasonable proposal.
It is obvious that these decisions cannot be taken before 30 June, when the formulae that will ultimately be offered to them are still not known now.
Precisely for this reason, they should be the last public investments that should disappear or stop being well provided for financially.
They recognise positive aspects, such as regional diversity and the individual socio-economic and geographical characteristics of the outermost regions.
And most importantly, at European integration, so that from now on we will be able to talk about the remote dimension of the European Union.
Mr President, Commissioner, I support the reports by Miguel Angel Martnez Martnez and I consider it essential that the Council should accept the proposals made in them.
I shall remind you of some aspects of the opinion approved in the Committee on Budgets:
1 - The revision of the POSEI programmes must comply with the Community' s pledges to increase support to the outermost regions;
3 - The current revision must not threaten the livelihood of farmers operating under existing regulations.
Community support must be strengthened and not reduced;
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although the outermost regions were fully acknowledged in Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam, we are still awaiting the first far-reaching measures.
I would also like to congratulate the rapporteurs and particularly Mr Martnez Martnez and Mr Poignant on their excellent work.
Overall, the Commission' s proposals can be considered as a step in the right direction and they are a satisfactory response to local needs.
First of all, on the structural measures, we can only welcome the alignment of intervention levels to 85% for all outermost regions.
In practice, this means that we are giving the same opportunities to people who have to deal with basically identical constraints.
I have a few comments, however, to make with regard to some of the points.
Lastly, I would like to end with a wish.
Mr President, I wish to speak on the Poignant report.
In committee we tabled an amendment on the increasing problem of fishing vessels flying flags of convenience, which was very narrowly defeated.
More and more unscrupulous shipowners are transferring their vessels to countries such as Belize, Honduras or St Vincent and the Grenadines.
They know perfectly well that these countries will turn a blind eye to whatever these ships do: how they fish and what they catch.
Commissioner Fischler has quite rightly referred to this problem as the 'scourge of the oceans'.
We introduced an amendment to try and close this huge loophole, using criteria adopted by international fisheries management organisations.
I am glad to hear that the rapporteur supports our amendment, because it is scandalous that this loophole still exists.
I urge everyone here today to support this amendment.
Hence the importance of the work done by the rapporteur, Mr Martnez Martnez, whom I congratulate on the report he has drawn up.
In general, the report responds to the questions that the Commission has not addressed sufficiently but which are important for those regions.
I therefore hope that the Commission and the Council will accept the proposals contained in the reports being debated jointly, also including the area of fisheries.
Mr President, the peripheral regions of the European Union are in a vulnerable situation.
After the collapse of negotiations with Morocco, which behaved in an incomprehensible way, it looks as if a portion of the fishing fleet will have to be rationalised.
Rapporteur Poignant opposes the notion that peripheral regions should also give up fleet capacity.
Although I can fully understand his concern for the working population, such concern is short-sighted.
In the future we cannot continue supplementing poor catches with contributions from the Structural Fund.
One way or another fleet capacity must be reduced.
As regards that reduction of the fleet I should like suggest an idea to Mr Poignant : that is, days at sea.
The Dutch fleet has a capacity that is nominally too large for the allotted fishing area.
However, by restricting the number of days that ships may be at sea, the impact of total fleet capacity on fish stocks is reduced.
In this way the capacity of the fleet at sea on a particular day is within the norms laid down.
Such a scheme makes it possible to modernise and improve the safety level of the fleet.
If we are unwilling to limit the catching capacity of the fleet, nature will do it for us.
In the peripheral regions too, we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly.
Although it makes some good proposals, such as the increase in government funding for investment in agricultural holdings, this report comes up against some sizeable obstacles.
Only at this price and under these conditions are we able to protect our traditional tropical products.
Increasing the existing ceilings for the contribution of some Community funding is, therefore, a positive step.
On the other hand, some of the restrictions introduced by the Commission must be removed.
It is, therefore, imperative that the increase of the FIFG level be applied to shipbuilding activities, which are essential.
The effect of these provisions is extremely disadvantageous, particularly for the communities of the overseas territories on account of their recurrent budgetary difficulties.
Although the rule of co-financing can be retained, it certainly must be modified.
Some types of funding can be threatened overnight, as in the case of the banana crisis with the United States.
With the regional integration of the Caribbean islands into the Americas' free trade area looming in 2005, the overseas territories will have to contend with unfair competition from their neighbours.
Mr Lamy' s 'Everything but Arms' initiative will destabilise rice, sugar and banana production.
Since this provision is non-reciprocal, it will lead to unfairness.
The overseas territories will therefore have to import goods duty-free from the neighbouring LDCs, whereas the reverse will not be possible.
The LDC countries in the Caribbean will be able to ban European exports from the overseas territories using the negative list system.
I only hope that both the Commission and the Council will take note of the unanimous position of the European Parliament.
Mr President, the European fisheries sector is, ladies and gentlemen, going through an upheaval.
The Spanish government justified its plan and quantified it at EUR 540 million, 240 from the FIFG and 300 of additional funding.
Can the Commissioner explain to me why this is not being done?
The sector affected, which is a large sector, has more questions than answers about its future.
Nevertheless, I am sorry that the increase in these rates only target closed investment categories.
This is a fundamental issue for fishing in Runion.
I would ask you to support these proposals and the two amendments that I have re-tabled.
Mr President, the POSEI programmes were proposed more than 10 years ago as aid instruments for what we now know as the outermost regions.
With the inclusion of the new Article 299.2 of the Treaty, the outermost regions now have a sound legal basis that has enabled the Commission to propose these new POSEIs.
I must say that practically all of the additional spending is compensated for by the savings as a result of the reform of Agenda 2000.
Mr President, as Commissioner Fischler is going to have to speak immediately, perhaps I could ask him to pay attention to me so that he can prepare his speech.
I would like to congratulate you and thank you for the Commission' s interest in the outermost regions and express the general satisfaction of the Members of this House.
I would also like to thank Mr Martnez Martnez and congratulate him on his work.
Above all, however, I want to point out three or four amendments to Mr Fischler that are of particular importance.
I think that the Spanish authorities were mistaken in not requesting this aid at the time and now they must do so.
In short, I think that we have a good proposal from the Commission and some good reports by Mr Martnez Martnez.
I hope that the Commission will be able to take into account at least some of the main amendments, which I have just pointed out.
I should like, if I may, to quote a few statistics on the disadvantages of these regions.
The unemployment rates in five of these regions are among the highest in the European Union at between 21 and 37% of the working population.
The first proposal relates to contributions by the Structural Funds.
The maximum contribution by the Funds in outermost regions - and this is new - has been set at 85% of overall eligible expenditure.
The maximum contribution of the Funds towards investments in small and medium-sized enterprises has been increased from 35 to 50%.
The second proposal concerns the regulation on developing the countryside under the second pillar of the common agricultural policy.
In addition, aid will also be granted for woods and areas belonging to the local, regional and national public sector in the future.
The proposal also makes provision to increase certain financial contributions under the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance.
All the additional expenditure incurred here can be financed from the budget approved for the 2000-2006 planning period.
I am delighted that Parliament supports the Commission proposals in principle and that we enjoyed such constructive discussion in the various committees.
I can agree with many of the proposed amendments, provided that we find the right wording.
I also agree that these measures should enter into force with retroactive effect from 1 January 2000.
However, the Commission stands its ground on the legal basis.
Article 299(2) should only be used for derogations from the Treaties or general legal principles.
The Commission's proposals have been drafted in the light of both these evaluations and this criticism.
So what are the most important considerations?
First, the present framework for specific supply regimes and specific aid for local agricultural production should be simplified, consolidated and improved.
Thirdly, the list of products has been revised and a number of feedingstuffs have been included on the list.
Fourthly, we want more competition between supply sources, which is why we have introduced the principle whereby aid must reflect the costs of transport from the European mainland.
Fifthly and finally, the common organisation of the market in milk and in beef and veal needs to be revised in order to harmonise the three POSEI regulations.
The Commission's stand on the proposed amendments is based on the principle of budgetary neutrality, which must be maintained in all cases.
Nonetheless, expenditure on the three POSEI programmes can be increased to EUR 204.4 million between now and 2005, with the same breakdown, as this proposal is covered by savings.
The Commission can therefore only agree to proposed amendments which impact on the budget if they are offset by equally high savings.
I shall finish, if I may, by listing the points on which I can agree.
The conversion of vineyards planted with hybrid varieties can be continued in the Azores and Madeira under certain circumstances.
Promoting imports of fattening cattle could be included in a comprehensive programme to promote cattle breeding on the Canary Islands.
Finally, the transitional regulations should be strengthened in order to guarantee continuity.
Again, I cannot agree to apply Article 292(2) here.
Now briefly to the fisheries reports.
I shall confine myself here to the proposed amendments; obviously you know what they are because you are about to vote on them.
The first two proposed amendments concern the legal basis.
As the same legal basis must apply to the whole package of measures, the Commission stands by its proposal to apply Article 37.
Article 299 should only be used in order to make provision for derogations from the Treaty, which is not the case here.
I can accept the third proposed amendment.
Amendments Nos 4 and 6 concern problems with fish and flags of convenience.
These problems were raised during the debate.
We are in full agreement with you here and I expressly welcome the fact that Parliament has a clear position on this matter.
We would prefer, however, to resolve this problem when we next amend Regulation 27/92, which we are already working on.
We shall be sending a proposal to Parliament and the Council within the next few days.
As regards the fifth proposed amendment, a broad majority in the Council is in favour of a compromise solution on this question.
We cannot accept your Amendment No 5 because we feel that we should not keep on promoting the overcapitalisation of the EU fleet.
I can accept Amendments Nos 7 and 8.
Then briefly to Mrs Fraga Estvez's report.
This proposal is the first in a package of measures ordered by the European Council in Nice.
Today's proposal meets one of the specifications set in Nice, namely to extend the current aid regulation to 30 June.
The Commission will be adopting the second measure in the package ordered by Nice in June as well.
I think this is justified for social reasons.
I hope that, despite the noise here, anyone interested in hearing my report and my position has been able to do so.
Thank you.
I would like to make it clear that the Quaestors were not consulted about this change.
They should have been, and an undertaking was given that they would be before a tender was awarded, but they were not consulted.
I have managed to speak only to Mary Banotti so far, but I can assure you that we will take this matter up.
Mr President, in relation to the point that you raised after Commissioner Fischler had spoken.
I feel the noise in this Chamber is an absolute disgrace.
I know all the Presidents try desperately to stop it.
I suggest the presidency look at possibly having a five-minute break between the end of Commissioners' statements and the vote.
We cannot continue to allow Commissioners to be treated this way.
I entirely agree.
Something needs to be done about it.
It sets a disgraceful example.
I do not know what the people in the public gallery must think of this House.
VOTE
Thank you, that was clear and helpful.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
(Parliament adopted the resolution)President.
That concludes the vote.
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE
Report Hughes (A5-0196/2001)
Thank you very much, and please pass on my regards to your mother.
Mr President, I would like to use my explanation of vote to explain my voting on the Hughes report.
I voted against all the amendments.
We already have Regulation 3820/85 on driving and resting times which also regulates suitable driving and resting times for small haulage businesses.
Mr Hudghton, for example, drew attention to the problems of drivers coming from the Hebrides onto the mainland of Scotland and then onwards.
Ms Kauppi made similar points as I recall about Finland, and other colleagues made points about Portugal.
We were told that during the debate that the intention is to provoke a conciliation and obtain a compromise position between the Commission and Parliament at conciliation.
We also condemn the fact that rest periods are excluded from working time, which means that the driver is not able to use this time as he wishes.
.
The UK Conservative Delegation voted against the Hughes amendments for the reasons set out in my speech in the debate.
The Hughes amendments, if adopted by Council, would place further burdens on the self-employed and on SMEs.
. (PT) The European Commission proposal is unacceptable in that it excludes self-employed drivers, since this puts important objectives in the common transport policy at stake.
The system it proposes will create conditions of unfair competition, jeopardising the objective of road safety and not helping to encourage quality of service.
This will be the only way to ensure that road safety is encouraged and to prevent unfair competition.
No country and no business must be excluded from the directive and no exemptions must be granted.
In order to ensure that the legislation is implemented, the European Union must provide itself with the human and financial resources, particularly by hiring sufficient numbers of qualified employment inspectors.
A driver' s working time might currently reach 60 or 70 hours, of which at least 50 might be spent behind the wheel.
The phrase 'working time' must not only mean driving time, but must cover all other activities too.
Night work must be drastically shortened - 8 hours' driving is still too high - with the corresponding compensation and it must be limited to the transport of certain goods.
Lastly, the rules must apply to self-employed hauliers as well as to salaried drivers.
In view of this progress, we have voted in favour of this report.
.
The common position adopted by the Council fails to take proper account of these objectives, especially on the following points:
the inclusion of self-employed truck drivers
the exclusion of employees in haulage companies based outside the EU
the definition of the working times and standby duty
the definition of night work
Although we realise that accepting the recommendation would lead to difficult negotiations with the Council, my group voted in favour because:
3. The definitions of standby duty, night time and night work must take account of social aspects.
4. All truck drivers must provide proof of the time spent at the wheel, irrespective of whether they are employed or self-employed.
. (NL) Labour is still a commodity.
It is attractive to employers if they can get their employees to work at the times that involve the least costs.
They prefer drivers on the road who can be called on at any time of the day or night, all through the week.
Sometimes twenty consecutive hours, and at other times five times a day for a couple of hours.
Only a well-coordinated campaign by government and trade unions can help put a stop to this.
This is based on the position that a good balance must be found between road safety and reasonable terms for entrepreneurs.
Report Skinner (A5-0156/2001)
As you know, Mr President, I am the national secretary of the Pensioners' Party in Italy, and therefore I represent pensioners.
Unfortunately, many pensioners, including young ones, are such because they have had accidents at work.
I therefore applaud this report which seeks to reduce greatly accidents at work caused by working at a height.
This is an area in which the EU should not have such a great influence.
Our basic attitude towards the European Union is positive.
European integration provides an opportunity to find solutions to cross-border problems such as the environment, trade, movement across borders, human rights and conflict management.
We also believe in the principle of subsidiarity whereby decisions are to be taken as close to those affected as possible.
That is why we are actively driving forward the issue of a constitution for the European Union, in which the division of responsibility is clear to everyone.
It must be absolutely clear to all citizens that the EU is only to be engaged in the matters at which it is best - cross-border issues.
We are convinced that the EU is not the best level for legislation concerning, for example, how steps are to be used in work above ground or floor level.
National requirements must be allowed to decide how structures are to be erected and how work is to be carried out.
For us, it is important that the EU instead concentrate on a small number of areas in which it can really do some good.
This is not one such area.
Detailed regulation is not the right way.
However correct and well-intentioned this may be, it cannot fall within the competence of European politics.
The European Parliament must effect this demarcation by showing restraint in what it applies itself to and seeks to have decision-making competence over.
A common market should have certain minimum rules and common aims in order to achieve better health and safety at work.
However, it is reprehensible to regulate in detail at EU level how these aims are to be achieved.
We Swedish Christian Democrats see it as a high priority task to work for a clearer division of competence between the EU and the Member States.
The EU' s legislation must be kept free of detailed regulations, and new legislation must take the principle of subsidiarity into consideration.
EU directives should essentially aim to establish goals, not to rule on details and describe the way to achieve those goals.
.
This report, which culminated in the common position, promotes health and safety for all workers across the EU who have to work at heights on temporary equipment.
It is a law which is both employer-friendly as well as efficient at directing attention towards the 'safety culture' and practices required to save lives and reduce injuries.
Report Sterckx (A5-0208/2001)
All this is essential in order to solve accidents and, above all, to prevent them, if it is used with appropriate monitoring.
- (DA) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of an improvement to maritime safety.
Many pollution accidents could have been avoided if there had been better safety.
We have seen all too many accidents during the last couple of years.
There was the loss of the tanker, Erika off Brittany in December 1999, resulting in considerable oil pollution, and the loss of the Italian chemical tanker, Ievoli Sun.
Most recently, we have seen an extensive oil spill in the Baltic, which could have been avoided if we had had better European rules.
Ship owners do not think that a black box has anything to do with safety.
However, that is not the case.
A black box is very useful in the investigation after two ships have collided, as happened, for example, in the Baltic.
If we become better at discovering the causes of accidents, we also become better at preventing them.
We cannot wait for international rules in the IMO.
The EU must take the lead in the IMO by adopting better rules.
We cannot compromise on safety.
We must have safety so that fish, birds and people can use the sea without being covered in oil and chemicals.
Once again, we feel that this directive presents clear advances in terms of control, but that it contains serious loopholes, particularly with regard to crews.
By the same token, the inspections must be carried out by a sufficient number of properly trained staff.
Lastly, the concept of a 'port of refuge' will only become a reality if effective facilities exist for these ports.
Report Sterckx (A5-0208/2001 ) and Mastorakis (A5-0205/2001)
What we need now is for these measures to be implemented.
No particular restrictions are being imposed to make these measures absolute obligations, either for shipowners or for charterers.
The minimum that should be done in this area is to make both groups responsible, in addition to their other duties, for any non-compliance with these directives.
Report Mastorakis (A5-0205/2001)
That is where my love of the sea and fascination with ships started.
I therefore believe that no city in Europe could represent the problems of shipping and, especially, maritime safety better than Genoa.
I hope, therefore, as a Genoese man and as a sailor, that Genoa will be chosen as the location for the Maritime Safety Agency.
If this draft regulation is adopted, it will lead to the creation of a European Maritime Safety Agency.
Where safety at sea is concerned, it seems appropriate to address the issue at European level.
This is a tool which will not interfere with Member States' political decisions, but which will aid decision making and monitoring.
This agency is also something that almost all operators in sea-related industries want.
This is why we are tabling several amendments, which seek to improve on the initial proposal.
It is quite reasonable that members of national parliaments, regional representatives and seamen' s rights and environmental protection associations should have a place on the agency' s management board.
It is also reasonable that the agency should produce regular reports on the results of its actions.
Report Esclop (A5-0201/2001)
This regulation will enable us to establish a fund for the compensation of oil pollution damage in European waters.
The oil slick of December 1999 demonstrated once again the inadequacy of compensation on offer.
Most of the victims have still not been compensated.
The proposal is a definite improvement but it is inadequate, because it does not take the idea of making both the shipowner and the charterer responsible to its conclusion.
It is an improvement because the money for the fund will be guaranteed by European businesses, which will enable the compensation to be both substantial and rapid.
The proposal contains major shortcomings, because this regulation does not establish the unlimited responsibility of polluters and does not deduct the payment from the total damages caused.
This is why we are tabling amendments.
Other amendments seek to make the management of the COPE funds more transparent by means of the composition of its committee.
I wish to focus my speech on the issue of compensating the victims of oil pollution, which our House has quite rightly proposed to extend to pollution by hazardous substances.
It is unacceptable that the victims, or more often the taxpayers, should have to stand in, in financial terms, for those responsible for causing the pollution.
We agree with the stated objectives, which are to fully compensate the victims for the damage they have suffered and to ensure that the compensation mechanisms function efficiently and speedily.
In these circumstances, the victims risk coming up against the same problems of proving the pollution and of companies refusing to pay.
Report Collins (A5-0203/2001)
From the sea, Mr President, we go up to the sky; from maritime safety we move on to air safety.
I find this really reassuring because, ever since I have been a Member of the European Parliament, I have been constantly up in the sky in aeroplanes.
The aim of the directive which is the subject of the Collins report is to improve this safety even further, so let us have it!
A thank you to the Commission for having made this proposal and to us Members for having approved it!
We all want to see constant improvements to air traffic safety, passengers, airlines, technical services and responsible political forces such as the Members of the European Parliament alike.
Especially since the volume of air traffic is expected to spiral in forthcoming years.
Systematically evaluating cases in which the wrong decision or wrong action was taken will be particularly important for staff training.
Recreating and simulating situations in which a decision is required will help to ensure that staff are better prepared and react calmly to irregularities and emergencies.
We therefore welcome the Commission's proposal for a directive and are in favour of the report presented by Mr Collins and the few proposed amendments to it.
Report Busk (A5-0210/2001)
.
(DE) Animal welfare is part of our basic ethical understanding.
We should also consider that arrangements for animals change when new animal protection standards are introduced.
The new regulations will contain specific details on how pigs are to be kept, that is, pen sizes, the design of pens and arrangements for pregnant animals.
Not only people and their environment but also animal welfare is sacrificed to the free market.
National rules for protection are brushed aside by great economic interests and European liberalisation.
The further liberalisation is carried, the more it works to the advantage of whoever produces cheapest.
The fact that poor working methods are used in order to be so cheap does not matter.
Pigs and chickens are shut up in very unnatural circumstances in too small a floorspace where they get in each other' s way.
That saves space and hence costs.
Quite rightly individuals and organisations have campaigned for years to highlight this fact.
For that reason it is positive that some more political interest is at last emerging in animal suffering caused by intensive livestock farming.
Every regulation that brings some improvement will have my support, although I am far from being convinced that approval of this proposal will put an end to unnecessary animal suffering.
Report Brok (A5-0209/2001)
Our vote against the report expresses our indignation at the entire policy maintained by the Western powers, particularly those from the European Union.
This policy consists, having littered Kosovo with bombs as it did with Serbia, of making the very ruins of those countries into an additional outlet for Western capital.
The Western powers must realise that repairing what they destroyed is the least of the matter.
This should be paid for by the Western powers, or more precisely, out of their military budgets, without generating private profit in the West.
Report Martnez Martnez (A5-0195/2001) and (A5-0197/2001)
Mr President, this is one of the most useful measures of all those we have voted on in Parliament.
Let us hope that this example will be followed whenever decisions must be made on the outermost regions of Europe.
We are entirely in favour of aid for overseas territories, which centuries of colonisation and exploitation by European countries have kept in an underdeveloped economic situation.
We are in favour of aid, but under different conditions.
This is why we abstained, but voted in favour of the amendments likely to promote the interests of the working classes in these regions.
. (PT) The European Commission proposals for the revision of Poseima fall well short of meeting expectations.
This opinion of Parliament therefore takes on greater importance, and it is essential that the Council should accept it in its entirety.
Nevertheless, although I voted in favour of Parliament' s position, I must make the following reservations:
I cannot accept that Poseima should remain restricted to the agricultural sector and residually to the fisheries sector;
Neither can I accept the nature of the measure proposed to safeguard the principal production of the Azores: milk.
I hope, however, that the possible reduction in some measures has been averted, as was apparent in the text of the Commission proposal.
In this respect, I must point to the opinion approved by the Committee on Budgets, annexed to the Martnez Martnez report, which addressed all these reservations.
Poseima has thus made a significant contribution to the maintenance of our agriculture.
Poseima has also been crucial in that it includes specific measures aimed at cutting supply overheads, particularly in terms of transport, for foodstuffs for consumption or industrial processing.
The proposed revision of Poseima with the changes recommended by Parliament is highly positive.
New instruments are introduced and current ones are modified in the light of the experience acquired.
I hope the Commission will accept the changes proposed by Parliament.
.
The British Conservative Delegation of the EPP-ED Group voted against the Martnez Martnez report on specific measures for agricultural products for various countries.
My colleagues and I are wholly sympathetic to the special needs of the EU's outermost regions given their isolation and the problems this causes.
Across Europe, the agricultural sector is in severe difficulties and stretching its budget further does not seem feasible at this stage.
Similar thinking instructed my delegation's decision to vote against Mr Martnez Martnez's other report on structural measures.
Report Fraga Estvez (A5-0185/2001)
. (PT) After the expiry of the fisheries agreement with Morocco on 30 November 1999, the Community fleet was left inactive.
I therefore voted for the report.
Report Galeote Quecedo (A5-0199/2001)
(PPE-DE), in writing.
Report Linkohr (A5-0163/2001)
Clear skies, swallows flying in from all around, calm seas, incredible sunshine.
Are we perhaps in Italy, Mr President?
No.
We are in Sweden, on the beautiful island of Gotland.
What, you will be wondering, has this to do with the European Union' s oil supplies?
Well, I hope that the use of renewable forms of energy will be boosted in Europe.
- (DA) We have together voted in favour of the report, for we think it important that alternative energy sources to mineral oil be found.
However, we have voted against Paragraph 8 of the report, for we are, in general, opposed to the use of nuclear energy.
The report' s recitals maintain that "high oil prices and price fluctuations affect the poorer sectors of the population disproportionately" .
The explanatory statement also states that price increases are basically the result of speculation.
All the other factors, however, demonstrate the self-inflicted powerlessness of the European institutions, and indeed of the Member States, to intervene.
Each speculative price increase represents a huge levy imposed by some oil groups and capitalist middlemen on the population, including the poorest sections, who pay directly or indirectly.
It is untrue that the public authorities could not ban price increases.
It is untrue that they cannot abolish tax on fuel for personal use.
The Commission is incapable of taking the measures that are required and is content to reel off hollow phrases.
We have therefore voted against this report.
The Member States must give serious consideration to becoming less dependent on energy supplies from outside the European Union.
Secondly, the problem of climate change linked to the greenhouse effect has forced us to respect international commitments.
This is why the Member States must do everything they can to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels.
In order to achieve this, one method open to us is to develop bio-fuels.
The more enlightened car manufacturers and oil companies are supporting this strategy.
That concludes the explanations of vote.
Direct support schemes under the CAP
The Commission's proposal allows for global payments of up to EUR 1 000 and abolishes the complicated application procedure for small farms.
Of course, this varies from one country to another.
I think Mr Cunha will be addressing this point.
In Portugal the proportion is, of course, much higher.
We also suggest that the provision in Articles 3 and 4 of Regulation No 1229/99 requiring environmental standards to be observed should also apply here.
What we do not want is for global payments to small farms to be used to make savings.
If a farm claims global payment, it is not entitled to increases to compensation payments under Agenda 2000 as years go by, because global payments are based on past payments.
This means that these farms are not entitled to increases, which is why we suggest a 20% increase in global payments.
It could be argued that this 20% increase would also be justified by revising payments directly in line with increases.
We take the view that this is rather too complicated, but we do not want small farms to be punished by this regulation when payments are made.
We should not therefore be looking to make savings with this regulation and from these small farms by excluding them.
However, because it is such a small amount and because it only affects small farms, which basically do a good job in the countryside, you should reconsider.
It is a cautious but realistic start, which I think is both reasonable and important.
Certain aids, however, have still been left out, such as those for olive oil, bananas, tobacco, potato starch, etc., and I hope that these too will be included in future.
Otherwise we might be encouraging absenteeism.
This is fundamental.
Aid to small farms cannot be calculated at the same basic rate as other aids.
Mr President, the Socialist Group is pleased with this proposal because it is one step further towards simplifying agricultural policy and favours small-scale farmers.
The proposal recognises that in many instances the administrative costs of managing and processing the aid do not match the amount of aid that these small-scale farmers receive.
However, 48% of farms receive less than EUR 2 000 and, as has already been pointed out, there is a great deal of variation within the Member States.
This will prevent discrimination and the possible negative financial effects that this proposal could have on small-scale farmers.
Mr President, seldom have we encountered such a brief proposal with such potentially far-reaching effects.
The CAP aid schemes needed simplifying.
Despite the simplifications, we must guard against the risks of spoiling them or reducing their effectiveness.
The value of the Graefe zu Baringdorf report thus deserves recognition.
The Commission did not accept it at first, but then agreed to move in that direction.
I believe that if we had done that we would today have much more precise information about the subjects we are dealing with.
There may also be problems with this system regarding its ability to differentiate between aid for small-scale holdings and that for part-time farming.
In any case, we shall be supporting his report.
In this sense this move is a very fundamental one.
This is a very important issue especially as far as the smallest farmers are concerned.
In the long term the scheme should be developed so that rural development activities are linked to it.
The scheme should also include an expansion bonus, even now in its initial stages.
The rapporteur has correctly intervened in the matter and pointed out that there is an opportunity for raising support outside the scheme by virtue of the agenda solution.
I see this as a very important point.
To make the scheme attractive also to farms attempting to improve production, our committee' s proposal on raising the level of support is justified.
The level can be discussed but the principle especially on this matter is very important.
For this reason this trial, which at the moment is experimental and temporary, should receive widespread support.
Mr President, apart from its costs, the common agricultural policy makes it difficult to allocate small farmer support to countries like Portugal, where 75% of farmers are small-scale.
Simplification of the direct support scheme has become essential, and so it is important to make progress in this field, even if only experimentally.
I therefore regret the proposal by Arlindo Cunha to reduce this threshold to 1500 euro.
In any case, I support the report presented by Parliament.
Mr President, Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, I should like to start by thanking you for your detailed report on this proposal.
Quite a few Member States have expressed similar views at working party meetings chaired by the Agriculture Directorate-General.
The present proposal is the Commission's answer to these complaints.
It should make life easier both for the national authorities and, more importantly, for the farmers who are entitled to use this simplified system in future.
For the national authorities, the time needed to process applications and carry out controls will be cut.
I am hugely in favour of simplifying the common agricultural policy.
As numerous aspects of the small producers' regulations have yet to be tested, we must ensure that this is an endeavour which can initially be implemented up to 2005.
This regulation will be evaluated before the trial period ends and I sincerely hope that this evaluation will then form the basis for a more comprehensive, more ambitious, long-term solution.
Now to the individual proposed amendments.
The environmental requirements in Regulation 1259/99 will continue to apply because they are already covered in the regulation, meaning that Amendment No 1 is redundant.
The 20% increase to payments proposed in Amendments Nos 2 and 3 will, I think, cause problems.
First, the regulation would no longer be without any impact on the budget and we would have to reckon on additional costs of about EUR 100 million per annum.
Secondly, the sole purpose of the proposal is to find a simpler way of getting current aid to farmers.
May I also point out that farmers can, in any case, opt to use the average of the last three years or the previous year as a basis.
It is true that, to an extent, we are in a transitional stage.
However, this transition has closed today for all surface area premiums.
As far as beef premiums are concerned, there will be a further increase next year.
I can confirm that.
In other words, it is not the Commission's intention to disadvantage farmers.
Nor is there, however, any justification for increasing premiums through the back door.
The Commission can accept the suggestion in Amendment No 4 to raise the proposed ceiling above EUR 1 000 but will have to reject Amendment No 5.
Mr President, allow me to ask the Commissioner a question before the debate closes.
You said we would need another hundred million.
According to the calculations in your proposal, the payments affected here - if I remember correctly - represent 1.6% of all payments.
In other words they are minute.
As Mr Pesl said, we were not looking to increase premiums, we were just trying to keep things simple.
If the Commission makes sure that it adds the additional premium increase for the farms to the global payment system, then we would be satisfied.
We are not trying to increase premiums through the back door, even though these holdings are sorely in need of an increase.
That is another kettle of fish, however.
To make savings here is out of order, however.
Because that would represent a saving and a reduction in premiums to the detriment of these small farms and I think we should prevent that.
Mr President, the Commission also takes the view that we should not be looking to make savings, but nor should we be looking to extend premiums.
As we understood the proposal, there would be an across-the-board increase of 20%, which would generate considerable additional costs here.
All the others have already been included; and the increase in the beef sector next year will not be 20%, it will be around 10%.
He has that choice and will not be disadvantaged as a result.
Our objective is not to make so-called savings and no such insinuation should be made; our objective is to make people's lives easier here while guaranteeing budgetary neutrality.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
TOPICAL AND URGENT DEBATE
The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
Biological and toxins weapons convention
The first item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0434/2001 by Patricia McKenna and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0436/2001 by Pedro Marset Campos and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0446/2001 by Bill Newton-Dunn, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0454/2001 by John Walls Cushnahan and Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0462/2001 by Jan Wiersma and Margrietus Van den Berg, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention.
Mr President, as everyone knows, the leaders of the EU and the American President are meeting in Gteborg today.
Obviously some of the things they will air are their differences about the Kyoto Protocol on the environment and global warming and about the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which needs updating.
But there is another important matter, however, which has received very little publicity and to which this debate is designed to draw attention.
It is the six-year negotiations that are nearing completion to update the 1972 Biological and Toxic Weapons Convention.
The problem with the 1972 convention is that while it banned production of biological weapons it contained no means of verifying whether they were being produced on the quiet.
Nevertheless, there are now very alarming signals that the Americans may not support the work that has been done so far.
Mr President, the last century began with the widespread use of poisonous gas in the First World War, that is, with chemical weapons.
We have to understand that our era, with the possibilities offered by genetic engineering, brings with it the potential for appalling destruction.
This illustrates just how tremendous our responsibility is, which is why we urgently need to comply with and strengthen international law and work towards multilateralism on these issues.
We are quick to criticise the leading role of the USA - and I believe that this leading role is, in fact, too big.
That is not the fault of the USA, however, it is the result of political and, above all, security policy weaknesses in the European Union.
Then we shall be able to resolve these problems.
Mr President, President Bush' s visit to Europe is taking place partly in the context of his plans for a national missile defence system.
This is supposedly to protect the United States against attacks from so-called 'rogue states' .
To put it mildly, we are not very enthusiastic about these plans and want a multilateral approach to the threat cited by the United States.
For that matter that missile defence system will not protect the Americans against the threat of, for example, biological weapons, which can be spread in many ways.
It is ironic but also tragic that the United States does not seem to want to cooperate in the strengthening of the convention on biological weapons.
That mechanism is required urgently.
Reaching agreement on this will mean at last another success in the struggle against weapons of mass destruction.
The political conclusion of an agreement would be that there definitely are international alternatives to unilateral action in the security field.
Mr President, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction poses a major threat to the world.
The misuse of biotechnology for hostile purposes must be addressed straight away.
The use of biological and toxic weapons has to be tackled.
It is disgraceful that there is no mechanism in place today to verify compliance with the Biological and Toxins Weapons Convention.
A legally binding protocol to strengthen compliance with the BTWC is a matter of the utmost urgency.
We would also like to see States create a stronger possible verification regime in order to curb the hostile misuse of biological technologies.
This means maintaining at the very least the measure currently outlined in the chairman's draft text.
We would recommend that the final version of the compliance protocol establish a modern and open verification regime capable of adjusting to changes in political climate and in technological capabilities.
Mr President, the Commission fully supports the resolutions tabled by the different groups in the European Parliament.
It is indeed critical at present that effective progress be achieved by the international community in the field of non-proliferation and disarmament.
As regards the specific case of the BTWC signed in 1972, the lack of a verification protocol has been a major flaw vis--vis non-proliferation in the international community.
The Ad Hoc Group was created to resolve this issue.
After five years of difficult negotiations at the Disarmament Conference in Geneva, the time has now come to conclude such a protocol.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Situation in the Central African Republic
Mr President, it is a tragedy that we are discussing here.
A rich country that has almost become bankrupt, State employees who do not receive their salaries, civil rights violations, attempted coups and oppression, armed conflict and hundreds killed.
I believe we can all agree about that here in Parliament.
It is in danger of plunging the Central African Republic into a similar chaos, which will create even greater suffering.
Faced with this tragedy, the European Union cannot turn a blind eye.
It does not have to return to a policy of interference, but must simply not give in to the temptation of indifference.
The resolution, which is soon to be put to the vote in this House, expresses our compassion and condemns this return to violence.
We have suggested this in our proposal for a resolution, which the Group of the European People' s Party will give their unreserved support.
The resolution condemns the presence of foreign armed forces, which happen to be Libyan.
How can we ignore the fact, though, that the foreign armed force that remained longest in the country, which sealed its fate, was the French army?
Mr President, democracy has still not been achieved in Africa.
That emerged yet again in the attempted coup in the Central African Republic, in fact a classic scenario.
However, the difference is that this time troops from other African countries intervened to support the democratically elected leader.
So that, given the indifference of the international communities, African countries are slowly learning to solve their own problems for themselves.
The fact that in the process, a country like Libya gains more power and esteem in the continent is a regrettable but obviously inevitable side effect.
There is more to it than that, however.
The events in the Central African Republic are also an extension of the war in Congo.
The perpetrators of the coup were supported by pro-Kabila troops, who are trying to attack the Congolese rebels from the rear and cut their supply lines.
The war in Congo, the war in Central Africa is spreading like an oil slick across the continent. Unfortunately Europe is looking on indecisively and passively.
The lack of interest, but mainly the divisions within the European Union, leads to indecisive and inconsistent action against countries that break the Lusaka agreements.
I should like, in this context, once again to argue strongly in favour of our not forgetting Africa, neither in their interests nor in ours.
Mr President, the Commission is concerned about the recent attempted coup in the Central African Republic and the increasing political and social instability in the country.
The Community's cooperation is to be focused on the transport and health sectors.
This strategy may have to be reviewed in the light of recent events.
It should be emphasised that the crisis did not turn at any time into a widespread mutiny and remained essentially confined to military operations.
The resulting humanitarian crisis appears to be well identified and manageable.
In consultation with these partners, and in response to this crisis, the Commission will be providing up to EUR 1 million for a two-month operation.
Mr President, I do not have a great deal to add, because the Commissioner has answered the questions that I wanted to ask.
They help to strengthen dictators, not democrats.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Human rights
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
Guatemala - B5-0430/2001 by Monica Frassoni and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0438/2001by Giuseppe Di Lello Finuoli and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0448/2001 by Carles-Alfred Gasliba I Bhm, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0456/2001 by Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez Neyra and others, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Guatemala;
B5-0464/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on Guatemala.
Electoral fraud in Chad- B5-0439/2001 by Fod Sylla and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on electoral fraud in Chad;
B5-0449/2001 by Bob van den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the Presidential elections in Chad;
B5-0457/2001 by John Bowis and Philippe Morillon, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the current situation in Chad following the Presidential elections;
B5-0465/2001 by Marie-Arlette Carlotti and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on Presidential elections in Chad;
B5-0472/2001 by Nelly Maes and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation in Chad.
Egypt- B5-0422/2001 by Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EDD Group, on the situation in Egypt;
B5-0425/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0440/2001 by Yasmine Boudjenah and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the human rights situation in Egypt;
B5-0450/2001 by Bob van den Bos and others, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0466/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0471/2001 by Daniel Cohn-Bendit and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt.
Malaysia- B5-0433/2001 by Patricia McKenna, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0441/2001 by Luigi Vinci, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0451/2001 by Jules Maaten, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the situation in Malaysia;
B5-0458/2001 by John Cushnahan and Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0467/2001 by Glynn Ford, on behalf of the PSE Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia.
Afghanistan- B5-0423/2001 by Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EDD Group, on the further human rights abuses by the Taliban regime in Afghanistan;
B5-0424/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the situation in Afghanistan;
B5-0427/2001 by Crisitiana Muscardini, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the situation in Afghanistan;
B5-0429/2001 by Jill Evans and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Afghanistan;
B5-0442/2001 by Genevive Fraisse and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the further human rights abuses in Afghanistan;
B5-0452/2001 by Cecilia Malmstrm and Astrid Thors, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on further human rights abuses by the Taliban regime in Afghanistan;
B5-0459/2001 by Thomas Mann and Charles Tannock, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Afghanistan;
B5-0468/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg and Vattimo, on behalf of the PSE Group: the situation in Afghanistan.
Guatemala
Mr President, my group supports the recommendations of the Commission for historical clarification, in order to put on trial those who in the past violated human rights in Guatemala.
I am talking about human rights activists, lawyers and judges.
In the past, support for such people from the Guatemalan authorities has often been lacking.
Consequently, I fervently hope that that support will increase after and because of this resolution.
That is what is threatening to happen now.
You probably know who I am talking about, Mr Rios Mont, at present speaker of the parliament.
Fortunately, we know today that three army officers and a priest - it is terrible that a priest should have been involved - have been sentenced for this crime.
Otherwise impunity would become a serious problem for the future of Guatemala.
To this end we believe the European Union should help protect all the witnesses, judges and defenders of human rights in Guatemala who are working towards this.
I am quite sure that we in the European Union can do this.
We must demand that all those working against impunity should be protected and that the facts with which this report is concerned should be made known.
Punishment is not always the crucial factor.
What is crucial is to bring out the truth.
Prosecutions must be brought because the truth must come out if people are not to be deceived again.
Guatemala has ratified the Geneva Convention and the convention aimed at preventing and punishing genocide.
The Truth Commission has asked that the authorities now take legal proceedings against those who have practised or supported genocide.
We must show our concern for the situation of violence, involving assaults on individuals and members of the judiciary, that has occurred and which has, of course, caused turmoil.
We are not in favour of supporting Mrs Frassoni' s amendment to take concrete action against military commanders.
In our opinion the indiscriminate nature of this amendment is not good.
Moreover, we would be taking over the role that belongs to the courts, whom we want to support in their vital task of pacification and re-establishing the rule of law.
The whole history of huge estates, owned by the capituleros, goes back much further.
Rigoberta Menchu is someone who appealed strongly to the indigenous population.
That is also the reason why I, contrary to what the honourable Member from the PPE-DE said, still believe that the amendment is meaningful.
Someone like Rios Mont with his coterie of relations and contacts definitely belongs to those circles.
On that point I also hope that the Commission will draw strength from this.
It will not do so without sufficient international support. In that sense what we do here in the European Parliament is also of great value and significance.
In this resolution the new phase in which Guatemala finds itself is recognised, and the legitimacy of the government is fully recognised.
I hope that the resolution will also be in honour of Rigoberta Menchu.
Electoral fraud in Chad
Mr President, Commissioner, I think that the elections in Chad are a textbook case for those throughout the world who want a user' s manual for producing an electoral farce.
First of all, there is a climate of persecution against all opponents, with union activists being arrested and then the ballot boxes are stuffed with an extra one million votes.
France has maintained a military presence in that country since independence.
The army printed the ballot papers and made the ballot boxes.
It is the army that transported the material needed for voting to the most distant provinces of this vast desert country.
I therefore feel that France bears direct responsibility and that France has colluded in this electoral fraud, or, in any event, has directly or indirectly contributed to it.
The silence of the international community is due to the fact that enormous oil deposits have just been discovered in Chad.
I therefore feel that this is a real textbook case, which we could still call, forgive me for saying so, a neo-colonialist policy in Africa.
Mr President, the newly elected President Deby has made wonderful promises to his people, the European Union and the World Bank.
He announced that he would tackle the widespread corruption and would respect human rights.
He was going to remove his country from the poverty spiral with the aid of oil revenues.
Is Deby aware that he is irrevocably bound to honour the agreements he has made?
The World Bank did not put almost NLG 4 billion into the oil project lightly.
Nor are the European Cotonou resources unconditional.
The aid creates obligations but all the indications are that the president is trying to wriggle out of them.
Deby used part of the oil consortium' s advance millions to acquire weapons.
In so doing he broke his promise to the World Bank that he would use the money to fight poverty.
The elections appear to have been heavily rigged.
The restrictions on press freedom and the arbitrary arrests among the opposition once again underline the lack of democracy.
Europe must make it clear to Deby that he cannot break his word with impunity.
We were also looking at human rights in that country.
Today we three have tabled this motion because our concern then for human rights has been compounded now by allegations following the presidential elections.
It is right that we should not jump to conclusions.
It is right that we should take note of the OAU monitors, who thought that the elections were broadly fair.
It is equally right that we should take note of the views of those other observers and human rights groups who thought they were not.
The government of Chad needs to reassure public opinion in Chad and throughout the world by holding an independent and a public inquiry into the allegations that have been made.
The European Union should insist on this.
We are major investors in Chad and we should certainly be thinking of sending monitors from this Parliament to Chad for next year's parliamentary elections.
However, there are questions to which we demand answers.
First, if there are 4 million voters registered in Chad and another half million registered abroad, how can 5.6 million people have voted?
Is it true that children were seen with ballot papers?
Secondly, why were the OAU and other international observers not allowed into the north of the country?
Thirdly, why were the officials of polling stations in the north replaced at midday by military and other civilian personnel?
Fourthly, if the total votes recorded in the south were overwhelmingly for opposition candidates as alleged, how can the overall vote have been calculated as it was?
Fifthly, is it true, and I believe it was, that a women's delegation seeking to present a petition to the French Ambassador was shot at and dispersed by military personnel?
Sixthly, is it true that the six opposition candidates were arrested after the election and one of these, Mr Yorongar, was beaten and wounded?
That is our demand and it is the demand of the people of Chad.
Mr President, the Socialist Group is also extremely concerned about the unrest that has arisen in Chad since the re-election of Idriss Deby.
Accusations of electoral fraud, arrests and torture of members of the opposition, demonstrations broken up violently. We condemn these violations of fundamental rights in the strongest possible terms.
I have a further question - in fact I agree with all the questions posed by the honourable Member from the PPE-DE.
Is Idriss Deby in fact a new oil dictator ?
Does this mean that Chad will follow in the footsteps of countries such as Nigeria, Angola and Sierra Leone?
We know the impact of the extraction of raw materials such as oil and diamonds have had, and are still having, on the conflicts in these countries.
The Chad-Cameroon pipeline project is receiving help from the World Bank and the European Investment Bank.
Parliament expressed its concerns about the pipeline project as early as January 2000.
Unfortunately, recent events in Chad seem to have proved us right.
Both the World Bank and we in Europe must increase pressure on Chad to ensure that the human rights situation there is improved.
This may, as far as I am concerned, eventually lead to the cutting off of funding.
At the same time the international companies involved must take their share of the responsibility.
Mr President, honourable Members have highlighted at length the way in which the elections were rigged in Chad.
Again we see that democratic elections or elections intended to be democratic, are not conducted democratically.
In Chad it turned into a real electoral hold-up.
A coup in democratic guise, and foreign public opinion must not be fooled.
We have spoken to the representatives of Chad, as Mr Bowis has already mentioned.
The people of Chad have no faith in their democratic institutions and they have been proved right.
Reportedly no less than four and a half million out of six million inhabitants voted. Voting cards were distributed.
They were sold. The population in the north was artificially increased and that in the south artificially reduced.
To prevent the number of votes cast finally exceeding the number of inhabitants, votes from abroad by citizens of Chad were simply not counted.
In short, we cannot accept such a travesty.
The complaints submitted up to now appear to have been all rejected by the highest authorities and reportedly the results of the election have been declared definitive.
We simply cannot take this.
In so doing we are depriving ourselves, our citizens and own democratic institutions of credibility.
I should also like to urge the French government most strongly not to shirk its responsibility.
Whenever we go to a West African country, we can see the extent to which French influence is still present there.
It serves purely neocolonial ends and we cannot support it.
Mr Yorongar, who was tortured, is here with us.
I should like to pay tribute to him.
In this case, we are not talking about technical problems, which may occur, even in the most stable democracies.
If we are to believe some of the complaints, the facts that emerge are so serious that they are absolutely unacceptable in the twenty-first century.
There will be further opportunities, particularly the legislative elections announced for March 2002, which must not be thwarted, to create a real framework of democratic coexistence in Chad.
Egypt
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the cases of Mrs El Saadawi and Mr Ibrahim involve a country that is not often in the news.
Our Parliament chooses to some extent to forget this country and the others that belong to the Barcelona 'mish mash' of countries that are party to the Euro-mediterranean agreements.
Nevertheless, in Egypt, rather strange things are happening.
The case of Mrs El Saadawi is typical.
She is accused of apostasy and is threatened with compulsory divorce, a custom which, I hope, my fellow Members will want to take a closer look at.
Mrs El Saadawi is in danger of being sent to prison.
I wish to thank the one hundred fellow Members who agreed to sign an appeal on her behalf, together with many international celebrities.
I think that it is Parliament' s duty to react robustly.
The procedure that has inspired this court case is called 'Hisba' and can only be initiated by men or women of the Muslim faith.
The procedure runs completely counter to the Egyptian Constitution, especially to its Article 40.
Mr Ibrahim worked with Commission funds and has been accused of fraud, even though the Commission usually carries strict controls.
It would, therefore, be only appropriate for the Commission to come to his defence as vigorously as possible.
One example of basic rights might include the one laid down in Article 7 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights for which we have just voted, protecting individuals' private lives.
If Mrs El Saadawi is found guilty of apostasy, she will have to divorce, which is a violation of her private life.
We could go down that road, but first of all, we should talk about her, because in 1972, this woman was brave enough to condemn female 'circumcision' .
Since then, Mrs El Saadawi has ceaselessly pursued her feminist struggle, in newspapers, articles, books and by maintaining a considerable public presence.
We are fully aware, then, of who this woman is.
In treating her as she is being treated today, a lack of respect is being demonstrated to all her commitment.
Perhaps we should focus on the fact that the prosecution is now recommending that the charges against her be dropped.
I would nevertheless remind you that divorce...
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, Egypt is crucial to stability in the Middle East. The country maintains important relations with the United States and Europe.
Unfortunately there is still no internal stability. As long ago as 1967 a state of emergency was declared and has never been revoked.
Egypt is still far from being a democracy.
It lacks essential political freedoms and human rights are violated.
The government restricts the activities of political parties, human rights organisations, professional associations and the press.
People are imprisoned without trial and tortured.
Show trials are still held. The recent sentencing of the American sociologist Ibrahim fits very well into this poor picture.
It proves that jurisprudence is controlled by political motives and is unjust.
As an important partner of Egypt' s, we should protest emphatically against these abuses.
The Barcelona process will never get off the ground if democratisation is bogged down in autocratic reluctance.
Stability means something else besides stripping people of rights.
The human rights situation in Egypt is giving rise to increasing concern.
Several other human rights defenders are also experiencing legislative and judicial harassment.
As for the torturers, they continue their ruthless acts with total impunity.
The government does not respect the obligations of international law or the international undertakings given over recent years, including Article 2 of the Association Agreement concluded with the European Union.
Nobody would be mistaken for thinking that this is an agreement of the heart with this friendly country.
Given that negotiations were concluded in June 1999, the Association Agreement is due to be signed very soon and we will be asked to take a stand on this text.
We owe it to ourselves to remain intransigent on these issues whilst at the same time encouraging those who take the correct path.
Mutual understanding is crucial and that is one of the messages I would like to get across today. Urgent or topical resolutions must not make us forget this.
That is what is important.
Members representing 'Lutte ouvrire' will vote for this resolution in order to protest against an unacceptable attack on the freedom of speech.
By the same token, we take this opportunity to denounce the torture practiced in Egyptian police stations.
The facts related by Amnesty International, which alerted us to these practices, concern a number of cases of men, women and even children being tortured, in some cases to death.
Yet the great powers, especially those of the European Union, have the means to put considerable pressure on the Egyptian regime, which benefits from considerable support from the West.
The European Parliament as a whole must take a stand against these barbaric practices of the Egyptian regime.
If these police practices do not stop, this would perhaps go some way towards saving the victims who are currently in the hands of torturers.
Mr President, freedom of expression in Egypt in 2001 AD: the official writers' union expels the author Ali Selim from membership.
The reason for this draconian measure?
Selim is campaigning for normalisation of relations between his country and the neighbouring state of Israel.
For that reason I should like to add his name to those in the resolution before us.
For that matter, Selim' s expulsion does not come completely out of the blue.
For the last four years the actions of this brave, independent Egyptian author has been a thorn in the flesh of his colleagues.
The reason is plain. The Egyptian writers' union forbids its members to have direct contact with Israel.
Nevertheless Selim has so far visited Israel seven times.
True to his vocation, he published his Israeli travel experiences.
They were not well received by the writers' union: exaggeratedly positive about Israel, was the collective judgment.
However, author Selim went further. He spoke out openly in favour of an end to the present Palestine Intifadah.
This was the last straw for the writers, since it bases itself on the so-called 'Aksa-Intifidah' .
In short, Selim's exclusion was inevitable.
At the same time eleven other authors received warnings because of the same attitude as that of Ali Selim.
Meanwhile the renowned member of the Egyptian writers' union, the Nobel Prize winner Nagid Mafouz, has protested vehemently against these censorship measures.
I should like to see the Commission also take action in this matter.
In addition, the EU would in this way be contributing to reviving the flagging peace process in the Middle East.
In any case this peace process is incompatible with the general political tenor of the Egyptian state press.
The latter in fact deals wholesale in the most fantastic anti-Israeli and anti-Western stories and/or accusations.
There he stood, humbly, a Jewish yarmulke on his head, in front of the monument to the (fictitious!) holocaust of the Jews."
No wonder that this year' s guest of honour at the Cairo book fair, the Arab equivalent of the Frankfurt Buchmesse, was Roger Garaudy.
A man characterised in the European press as "the internationally infamous and hounded holocaust denier".
All in all, the Egyptian interpretation of freedom of expression is highly selective politically.
The Commission should also take the authorities in Cairo to task about this.
Mr President, this is an unnecessary and undesirable urgency debate. Certainly it is premature, as Mr Dary said.
It was initiated by the Bonino radicals and was based on erroneous and tendentious accusations against the Egyptian justice system.
In the process of discussions between the groups we elicited the facts, which even they had to agree.
Despite this, the authors of this motion have been peddling shameful and unfounded accusations in their speeches.
However, Commissioner, there is one question I wish to ask you and I would like an unequivocal response, if that is possible.
Paragraph 4 of this resolution expresses our support for the Khaldun Centre for Democracy and requires the Commission to continue its financial support for this organisation and its activities.
That is one of the this case.
If 'yes' , I shall be pleased to support Paragraph 4.
An answer please, Commissioner.
Malaysia
Mr President, I have followed developments in Malaysia for a number of years through visits and acquaintances there.
It is depressing to see how Prime Minister Mahatir is increasingly doing violence to quite elementary democratic principles and general decency in order to put down his political rivals.
This Internal Security Act, or ISA, is used and abused for the purpose of getting at the Prime Minister' s political and personal enemies, as in a dictatorship.
The former Prime Minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman, said as long as fourteen years ago that it looked as though Mr Mahatir was on the way towards authoritarian government.
It can safely be said that he has since continued along the same path.
That is deeply regrettable, and it is good that Parliament is today getting to debate the matter and that we are getting a strong statement from the government.
Malaysia should know the truth when we meet with the Malaysians in the various fora during the coming weeks and months.
This fragile structure is based on respect for other people's culture.
It is based on respect for the law.
This is particularly worrying because Malaysia occupies an important geopolitical position.
It is also an important country economically.
Above all, it is an important member of ASEAN, our partner community in South-East Asia.
Mr President, may I jump the queue and ask Mr Posselt a question?
Do the German Christian Democrats know something we do not?
You said, Mr Posselt, that Karl IV was a Luxembourgois like Mrs Lulling.
I had always assumed that Mrs Lulling was a Luxembourgoise.
If I have misunderstood, please do enlighten me.
Afghanistan
Mr President, I will not reply to Mr Purvis personally.
I think that his way of perceiving events that have taken place or which are still ongoing in Egypt is very selective and that is up to him.
Unfortunately, the future, as indeed the past, is unlikely to prove him right.
Until we adopt a very firm policy towards Pakistan, the Taliban will continue to do what they have been doing for years.
The news is still fresh: the Taliban recaptured a town in the centre of Afghanistan.
The first thing they saw fit to do was to bomb and destroy the hospital and to bomb and destroy the centre for humanitarian aid.
We know about the disasters, we have spoken about them very often, starting with the situation of women, but unfortunately they go far beyond that.
They include the exclusion of the whole of Afghan youth from any form of education worthy of the name.
We are very well aware that the Afghan version of the Koranic schools has nothing to do with education.
It is therefore high time we got some concrete answers from the Commission and the Council, which is once again absent.
The Sikh and Hindu minorities will be required to wear a yellow identification sign on their clothes.
The Human Rights Watch today reports the very latest atrocity in this never-ending story: 60 citizens imprisoned and official, residential and commercial buildings destroyed.
When the regime in Kabul took over power it was to be recognised on the basis of three criteria: stamping out the drug trade, fighting terrorism and respecting human rights.
The Taliban have scored a notable success only in reducing opium production.
Consequently they are convinced that they will never gain international recognition, and hence opt for massive suppression, in other words mass murder, of their people.
So that the question is no longer whether the Taliban are violating human rights, but what conclusions must be drawn.
Accordingly our group is submitting two amendments.
That might result in the NGOs being thrown out, which are the sole remaining source of information.
Europe could suggest lifting sanctions and at the same time increasing the diplomatic pressure on Pakistan.
This would slow down the advance of the Taliban and especially bring them back to the negotiating table.
Mr President, two days ago, Mdecins du monde alerted us in the towns of France as we in the European Parliament seek to inform public opinion on Afghanistan.
Mdecins du monde added that the European Community budget given to NGOs in Afghanistan was in sharp decline.
Now, we seem able to talk about crime, about rape, about apartheid, about everything which reflects the situation of women nowadays.
The current situation is difficult.
It has perhaps been made worse by our support for Commander Massud, Afghan women and many others, as well as the entire Afghan population, which is dying of hunger.
And to do more, as has already been said, is to call the countries supporting the Taliban to account.
This is the logical outcome of our indignation and our support and it is also our responsibility.
Mr President, previous speakers have said that we have repeatedly condemned the violence that is happening in Afghanistan and the human rights violations that take place every day.
What are we to do, however, when the situation gets worse for women and for the Hazars, as mentioned today?
We have a situation in which 170 civilians were executed in January and, as mentioned by Mr Dupuis and the others, there have been attacks in Yakaolang.
What are we to do?
I believe that this strategy needs to be soberly appraised.
We need to review it again.
How should our embassies in Pakistan receive people who apply to be allowed to come to our countries?
I have heard it said that they are sometimes treated like criminals.
I am pleased to see that we are seeking an Echo office in Afghanistan, something which should be reiterated.
We must also give our support to the Christian organisations that are working in Afghanistan.
There are Christian organisations that are doing an incredible amount for the Afghan population while maintaining a low profile.
They, too, need our support.
These are some of the measures that are needed.
We cannot get any further by condemning matters time after time.
One feels really powerless.
We need a more intelligent policy in this sphere.
I think that our experience in areas close to home has shown that a presence in the country can also yield good results and, above all, has a humanitarian basis.
Mr President, the dubious honour of holding the world record in human rights abuses goes to the Taliban regime in Afghanistan.
A few weeks ago, as previous speakers have mentioned, the statues of Buddha at Bamiyan were destroyed and radicalism continues to gain ground.
Women are not even allowed to take part in the distribution of bread under the UN world food programme.
They are no longer allowed to play leading roles, and the work of international organisations is being hugely obstructed.
Men must wear a fez and grow a beard, thieves are maltreated and their hands are chopped off in public as a deterrent.
Commissioner, we call on the government of Pakistan to refuse this regime any form of support, be it financial or moral.
Almost nothing has come of earlier promises to destroy poppy fields and opiates.
Last Wednesday, German customs seized six kilos of heroin and 64 kilos of hashish worth EUR two million in a container from Afghanistan.
Drug dealing is used to fund campaigns by religious fanatics and international terrorism.
Bid Laden is still in Afghanistan, feted instead of extradited.
Even chess and the flying of kites have been banned as un-Islamic, though there are many Islamic scholars who would contest such interpretations of the Koran.
Until recently the focus has been on ensuring that Muslims behave in accordance with Islam.
However, in March, following a takeover of the Taliban by a hard-line faction linked to bin Laden, the extraordinarily beautiful 5th-century Buddhist statues in Bamiyan were destroyed with dynamite.
I am not suggesting that direct intervention in the country which defied the Red Army is either appropriate or feasible.
Moreover, intervention in the internal affairs of other states by outsiders can often exacerbate and prolong a conflict, as may have happened in the Balkans.
It may be that we simply have to wait for things to burn themselves out.
Nor should it be forgotten that there is peace of a kind in most of Afghanistan now.
Mr President, I shall deal first of all with the debate on the situation in Guatemala.
The Commission is closely monitoring the situation there.
The EU has been very supportive of the peace process in Guatemala, both politically and financially.
The cooperation programme with Guatemala is aimed at giving adequate support to the peace process.
The Commission has assisted civil society and state organisations, with the aim of contributing to the reconciliation process in the country.
At the same time the Commission is preparing a programme to improve the justice system.
The Commission and Member States have also used the regular political dialogue with Guatemala to reiterate the importance of respecting human rights.
The Commission is also closely monitoring the situation in Chad, after the announcement by the National Independent Electoral Commission of the result of the presidential election of 20 May.
The calmness of the population on polling day and the high turnout demonstrated a civic commitment which should be praised.
According to international observers the voting procedures conformed to legal regulations, but there were organisational deficiencies.
A statement from the observation mission reported that opposition candidates listed certain instances of irregularities and fraud which they said had marred the vote.
On 12 June the Constitutional Council announced the official election result confirming that Idriss Dby had won a second term in office with 63% of the votes.
The Council reportedly rejected the vote in some polling stations.
The situation is being closely monitored by the EU heads of mission on the ground.
In the spirit of Article 8 of the Cotonou Agreement, the Commission will continue its ongoing political dialogue with Chad.
Chad has been engaged in a democratic process for the last ten years.
This effort is leading to greater human and civil rights protection.
However, it is recognised that these rights and liberties are not sufficiently respected by all actors.
It will be essential to address these issues in order to ensure sustainable peace in the country.
The ninth EDF country support strategy, which is at the final preparation stage, contains an important programme of support for civil society, including human rights organisations.
The recent sentencing of the well-known human rights and pro-democracy campaigner, Professor Saad Ibrahim, and his colleagues has aroused widespread interest in the international community.
The case against Professor Ibrahim and his 28 co-accused at the Ibn Khaldun and HODA centres has been closely followed by the European Commission and Member States.
Support for civil society is also an integral component of the Barcelona Process and is an explicit objective of the Barcelona Agreement of 1995, to which Egypt is a signatory.
The charges also claimed the misuse of EU funds allocated to the Ibn Khaldun and HODA pro-democracy programmes.
In answer to Mr Purvis's question in particular, I should stress that in 1999 the Commission received satisfactory progress reports from both projects regarding a satisfactory and independent financial audit.
The Egyptian authorities have so far provided no evidence or information to support their charges related to the projects financed by the EU.
There have been EU observers present throughout the trial and the EU has always made clear its expectation that due legal process and justice would prevail.
It has scrupulously avoided any intervention that might prejudice that expectation.
The sentencing gave rise to an oral statement by the Commission on 23 May and a Presidency declaration on 25 May expressing deep concern.
The European Commission is continuing to monitor the case closely.
The court is obliged to give its reasons within one month of sentencing, and these will be read with interest.
There are also limited possibilities for an appeal.
The legal process is not finished, and it is to be hoped that the final outcome will reflect the best traditions of the Egyptian legal system.
The Egyptian authorities are well aware of international interest in the case and of the implications of a final conclusion that is perceived as being unjust.
Nawal el Saadawi, the well-known feminist writer, was charged with apostasy, but the Prosecutor-General threw out the charges on 23 May.
However, this does not appear to be an end to the matter, and charges may yet be pressed in another court.
The situation is being carefully monitored by the Commission.
The Ibrahim and Saadawi cases have both raised issues of real concern, although further legal steps and the possibility of a sensible outcome remain open.
The overall situation is complex and not entirely clear.
The Commission is deeply concerned at these events, which it considers contrary to established democratic practice.
They reinforce concerns already expressed in the past regarding the general human rights situation in Malaysia.
The Commission, like Parliament, is deeply disturbed by the ever-worsening humanitarian and political situation in Afghanistan.
On the humanitarian front, the Commission continues, together with other partners, to provide assistance to vulnerable groups and populations inside Afghanistan and to refugees in neighbouring countries.
This assistance is given throughout the country to areas of greatest need, where access and security permit.
This is in line with the EU common position on Afghanistan, which sets the objective of providing effective humanitarian aid on the basis of an impartial needs assessment.
On the political front, Commission representatives, acting as part of the EU troika, have sought to persuade the two factions in the current conflict to promote a peaceful solution.
The EU troika, consisting of its ambassadorial representatives based in Islamabad, recently visited Kandahar and Faizabad to explain the EU's common position on the Taleban side.
They noted a reluctance to consider new peace initiatives.
The EU, with other partners, is currently looking at how best to promote a process of engagement.
Two things are clear concerning the future of Afghanistan.
First, outside involvement in the conflict in Afghanistan can only prolong the fighting.
This applies to the support given to either side by third countries, which are pursuing their own agendas and their own national interests.
Secondly, a military solution to the Afghan imbroglio is not possible.
The history of the country shows clearly that no one faction can ever impose itself and its political and cultural philosophy on the whole country.
I might reinforce that, particularly in response to what Mr Dupuis said, by drawing attention to the fact that the Commission does not provide aid to factions.
It is delivered to vulnerable groups and populations according to need and where access and security conditions permit.
Given that the Taleban control 90% of the territory of Afghanistan, it is obvious that much of the EC's aid will be delivered in Taleban-controlled areas.
For these reasons the EU maintains an arms embargo covering the whole of Afghanistan and continues to call for a halt to third country interference.
The EU, at the same time, supports the peace efforts of the UN and stresses the need for a broad-based government in the country.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Nepal
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0426/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the situation in Nepal;
B5-0428/2001 by Gerard Collins, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the aftermath of the massacre of the royal family in Nepal;
B5-0435/2001 by Reinhold Messner and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Nepal;
B5-0443/2001 by Luigi Vinci, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in Nepal;
B5-0460/2001 by Thomas Mann and Charles Tannock, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Nepal;
B5-0469/2001 by Jean-Claude Fruteau and Pedro Snchez Aparicio, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the situation in Nepal.
I think that the role of this delegation is crucial.
The destabilising forces at work today in Nepal are very strong and I think we would be unwise to underestimate them.
I would like to add one last thing concerning the Commission. This Parliament has been calling for the opening of a full delegation in Nepal for years.
I think that the recent events there are, sadly, even further justification for the opening of such a delegation.
Mr President, following the tragedy in Nepal, which wiped out almost the entire royal family, this tiny kingdom in the Himalayas is now threatened with civil war.
The facts on today's Nepal.
Nepal is about the same size as Switzerland and Austria put together.
Twenty-two million people live there and, if you think that a large part of the country is highly mountainous, then these people do not have a great deal of space.
The flat land is overgrazed, the forests have all been cut down and ecological meltdown threatens.
There are hardly any schools, hardly any infrastructure and corruption is rife.
Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world and its only source of income is tourism.
What this country needs now is enlightenment.
These people also need our solidarity, they need hope and suggestions.
Tourism must not run dry, which is exactly what will happen if there is a civil war.
We must bring our values of transparency, democratisation and hope to this country.
We must not abandon this country, which has so many friends in Europe.
Mr President, the death of the Nepalese royal family rocked the world.
We would like to tell the people of Nepal that they have our solidarity.
King Birendra, whom I met once as Vice-Chairman of the SAARC delegation, was very popular and very well liked.
The tragedy in the royal palace in Kathmandu, in which King Birendra, his wife Aishwarya and other members of the family died, leaves a vacuum.
The curfew and the ban on meetings can only go some way towards calming the situation; there have already been quite a few violent attacks.
So if a delegation is to take part, it must be the SAARC delegation of the European Parliament.
The Maoist underground rebels have tried to grab this opportunity to destabilise the country still further.
The government and the opposition must finally realise that they have to meet each other half way and reach some sort of consensus.
They must remove the conditions in which terrorism and subversion thrive and that requires a common approach, not personal ups and downs.
This agreement is an excellent basis, as acknowledged by the European Parliament several years ago.
Indeed, behind the drama a political process has been brutally called into question.
A link of confidence between the political class and its people has been broken.
It is a significant change in the balance of power in a region where instability reigns.
The European Union attaches great importance to respect for human rights and to democratic principles.
We must therefore roundly condemn the repression and arrests which followed the death of the king.
The Commission is dismayed by the dramatic events that are shaking Nepal.
It understands the state of shock of the Nepalese people at the deaths of a beloved monarch, symbol of unity and continuity, and of many members of the royal family.
As of today the situation remains volatile.
This development took place against an already turbulent situation in Nepal in recent months, as a consequence of political paralysis and the constant threat from the Maoist insurgents.
In this context the Commission deplores the arrest of three Nepalese editors of the Kantipur newspaper.
As you know, the Commission has consistently supported Nepal in its quest for social and economic development.
The EC has granted EUR 160 million in cooperation assistance since 1977, and the current rate is around EUR 50 million a year.
Our commitment stands firm.
We are also ready to bring to our cooperation a new dimension, taking into specific account aspects of governance.
However, in the present circumstances we believe it is necessary for the dust to settle before proceeding with any further concrete action.
It should be published before the summer break.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Situation in Angola
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0432/2001 by Nelly Maes and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Angola;
B5-0444/2001 by Joaquim Miranda and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0445/2001 by Jos Ribeiro e Castro, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the situation in Angola - civil society building peace;
B5-0453/2001 by Bob van den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0461/2001 by Carlos Coelho and Arlindo Cunha, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0470/2001 by Mrio Soares and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the situation in Angola.
Mr President, this is the umpteenth time we have discussed Angola.
The war has been going on for twenty-five years; and again we are about to vote on a resolution.
Surely we must ask ourselves the question whether sufficient efforts are being made for peace.
I welcome the fact that the Swedish Presidency has applied itself to this question and provided a declaration.
This is a war that is fed by a stream of smuggled diamonds and oil: sufficient to buy vast quantities of arms and hold the civilian population hostage.
I consider this war to be making a mockery of our civilisation.
Of course we welcome the fact that statements have recently been made both by President dos Santos and by the leadership of UNITA expressing the intention to start a dialogue.
However, we see that the civilian population is being harassed time and time again.
There are the kidnappings by a new movement, again calling itself a rebel movement. There are the new minefields.
What cynicism!
Our final vote will of course depend on the direction this vote takes.
That was not our intention.
Our intention is to contribute to peace, because at last consistent signs are coming from Angola that some lasting change may happen in that country.
That is the major piece of news of the last few months.
It is these signs that we are turning to, to point them out, embrace them and encourage them.
We do not want just to cry over more deaths or lament further destruction.
Let us listen to the Angolans.
They know more and better than we do.
Inclusive because the spirit of including everybody is a precondition for reconciliation, and because without true reconciliation to restore confidence there will be no peace.
The Angolans want peace.
Let us listen to the Angolans, let us trust that internal mediation and the energy of the civil movements can succeed where international mediation has failed.
These are the voices we must listen to.
We must recognise their features, learn their names, publicise their faces, shake their hands.
We have to stop this monopoly of the bipolarisation of war.
These are the ones who can teach us a lot.
Angola is still suffering, but it does not have to be like that.
This Angola of peace hopes that we will be able to send out new, different signs to the new signs with which it is challenging us.
Mr President, everyone - in Finland at least - has probably played a game called Star of Africa.
My friends, I truly believe that we are beginning to see signs of a more intelligent policy in respect of the monitoring of resources.
I therefore strongly support what Mrs Maes has stated, namely that it is this way we must choose in order to move forward.
We need to introduce similar work that is just as ambitious.
It is interesting to note that many who speak Angola' s language are speaking today.
I also believe that there are many amongst us who have a bad conscience concerning what we said about Angola in the past.
We have all in our own way contributed to the tragedy.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Angola is still suffering from war, destruction and the senseless, shocking loss of human lives.
We condemn the use of war, and we condemn most especially inhuman attacks on defenceless civilians, women and children, attacks that nothing can justify.
Several times over the years this Parliament has pronounced on Angola and has criticised attitudes and behaviour.
We recall these deliberations, which we uphold and support and which the compromise resolution upholds, recalls and supports.
Just as we remember the United Nations deliberations on the conflict and we do not deny that the various sides have different responsibilities.
We must tell the people of Angola and the political leaders that the international community is willing to collaborate in the search for peace.
There is no military solution to this conflict.
The General Affairs Council said so at its meeting on 11 June in Luxembourg.
Today it is the European Parliament' s turn to affirm it on behalf of the peoples of Europe.
The situation of Angola is a tragic situation.
Angola is a devastated country, which has experienced twenty-six long years of civil war without a break.
That is, since independence on 11 November 1975 there has been a civil war in Angola, and it is still going on.
The war can only end through negotiation among those that wage it and through pressure from Angolan civil society, which is at last emerging.
This is the pressure that we must support, both the European Union as a whole and this part of it which is the European Parliament.
We do not agree and we have proposed an oral amendment which might be a compromise.
This oral amendment would condemn all massacres from whatever source, because there is not just the Cachito massacre but also the massacres that have happened recently, for example, in Cabinda.
For that reason we are going to vote on this proposal for a resolution as it has been drawn up and not with the amendments that have been suggested.
It seeks to promote the strengthening of democratic institutions and the improvement of human rights, the rule of law and justice, and a more transparent management of public finances.
The Commission expresses its grave concern at the lack of safe access for relief agencies to people in need.
The joint debate is closed and that concludes the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Civil emergency protection
In recent years, disasters that have often been wrongly termed 'natural' have had serious consequences for people, for the environment, and for both natural and cultural heritage.
This mechanism therefore has to be very welcome.
The four priority types of action under this mechanism are: prevention of accidents, rapid reaction capability, response in emergency situations, and recovery measures in the event of a disaster.
In the other countries the civil protection service is more centralised.
Therefore it is vital that there should be a rapid, effective mechanism of this kind.
What perhaps is just as vital as this need for rapid communication and coordination is for citizens to be trained and educated to protect themselves.
Giving these people the slightest amount of training would be of great help in tackling these disasters.
We just have to remember what happened with the Erika on the French coast and other disasters of this kind.
There is no need, I think, to enumerate yet again the numerous natural, technological and environmental disasters which have occurred over recent years.
The honourable Member has just mentioned one which caused very serious damage in several Member States and neighbouring countries.
The citizens of Europe have expressed their concern and made clear that they expect the Community to take specific action to guarantee efficient civil protection in an emergency.
Parliament too has called on the Commission to take initiatives in this area in a series of resolutions.
May I say, as regards the results of Parliament's work, that the Commission agrees wholeheartedly with many of the proposed amendments because they improve the Commission's proposal considerably.
We are therefore able to accept 35 of the 46 proposed amendments in full, in principle or in part.
This proposed amendment could give rise to a certain amount of confusion and the risk of duplicating the ECHO programme.
The Commission would like to avoid this and has therefore rejected this amendment.
Then there is the need for immediate action at Community level in the event of deliberate marine pollution.
I refer here to Amendments Nos 1 and 13.
The Commission rejects Amendment No 17.
The references to the monitoring and information centre are a constructive contribution.
However, some of the wording is misleading and therefore needs to be revised or deleted.
The centre should be a tool for the Commission and the Member States, not an operator.
So, to summarise, the Commission supports Amendments Nos 3, 6, 9, 10, 11, 15, 18, 23, 25, 27, 31, 35, 36 and 38 to 41.
It supports eleven proposed amendments in principle, which are Amendments Nos 4, 7, 19, 22, 24, 26, 30, 32 to 34 and 37, but which need editing.
Finally, I must emphasise that our proposal is much improved thanks to Parliament's contribution and support.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Classical swine fever
This legislation improves certain prophylactic rules, clarifies definitions and proposes the inclusion of the 'Diagnostic Manual' as an annex to the Directive.
Several amendments to this document have been tabled which your rapporteur feels deserve some comment.
I would ask Mr Mulder, who is present, whether the Dutch will be able to control German farms or whether the Germans will control Dutch farms.
I do not think either side will agree to this.
Amendment No 35, tabled by Mr Mulder, goes against both my feelings and the spirit of the report.
We would in principle be unable to export, and anyway this news in the press would ruin the industry.
Fresh meat from vaccinated animals carries the virus and may infect healthy animals that feed on swill containing it.
I therefore cannot accept Amendment No 35.
As for Amendment No 36, also tabled by Mr Mulder, we again come up against the subject of co-financing, and I am also against it.
These two amendments go a little beyond what I could have imagined, since in my country the use of swill has been banned for more than twenty years.
I therefore understand that both Amendment No 33 and Amendment No 37 are acceptable because they may lead us to a more realistic solution to the animal feed control problem.
Mr President, this is a comprehensive report and I congratulate Mrs Redondo for the great deal of work that she has put into it.
We happened to be in one of those meetings on Tuesday 20 February this year, the very day the first outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the UK was reported.
As you can well imagine, this brought our meeting to an abrupt halt.
Indeed, it is partly because of foot-and-mouth disease that I wish to direct my remarks to the question of feeding catering waste or pigswill to pigs.
I know that my colleagues from Germany and Austria have serious reservations about the proposal to ban such material from being fed to pigs throughout the EU.
Amendment No 37 seeks to achieve a similar objective.
I would ask the House to reject both these amendments this evening.
In the UK we had stringent controls of swill feeding in place.
Of course you cannot legislate for human behaviour, however.
We have now banned swill in the UK entirely.
I urge the House to do the same across the whole of the EU.
The parallels between swine fever and foot-and-mouth are obvious; in the case both of foot-and-mouth and swine fever, the Community decided in the past to pursue a policy of non-vaccination.
However, the scale of the foot-and-mouth crisis has demonstrated that an unreserved policy of non-vaccination belongs on the test bench.
I do not mean that we should resort to blanket vaccination in future.
Killing infected stock, stamping out, must continue to be the mainstay of the strategy to combat these diseases.
However, greater importance should be attached to vaccination.
We should not, in my view, stand still on the question of vaccination; instead we should develop a strategy of comprehensive zoonosis prevention mainly for use during disease-free periods.
This could include stricter controls on third country imports, controls at airports and quarantining new additions to livestock.
Another important point is the principle of regionalisation.
The Commission must act very quickly here and negotiate with EU trading partners in order to implement this principle.
The European Union already applies this principle to third country imports.
Now third countries must return the favour.
Marker vaccines are very important here, as the rapporteur has clearly highlighted.
We should support the proposed amendment by the Greens which still allows leftovers to be used but subject to stricter conditions.
Mr President, I should like to thank the rapporteur, because I learned something from her report, which is always very pleasant.
In addition the report points out the necessary modification of the guidelines.
Of course we must bring swine fever under control, but extermination methods that require mass slaughter are no longer really accepted by public opinion.
That is a problem.
I myself come from Flanders.
It is a densely populated region and there are even more pigs than people.
That means that we ourselves are dramatically confronted with that problem.
I must honestly admit that in that respect I do not trust the industry.
The report has nevertheless convinced me that there has been a remarkable development in marker vaccine.
Therefore in my view it can easily be declared ready for use so that it could be used on a much wider scale than solely in emergencies.
In any case the guidelines should provide regulation that makes mass culls unnecessary.
Mr President, Commissioner, a lot of attention is being paid to pigs this week.
Unfortunately the discussion of the Redondo Jimnez report is ending in an anticlimax.
On Monday the Swedish Minister spoke on animal welfare, including tightening welfare regulations for animal transport.
This morning we voted on the Busk report, in which we are trying to improve the living conditions of pigs in great detail.
This Parliament speaks with two voices!
One for the consumer and his feeling for animal welfare and one for the economy and trade, which must not be allowed to suffer from the outbreak of a disease.
As part of the preparation of this report I should have like to see Mrs Redondo driving around the Oene region, the foot-and-mouth triangle in the Netherlands.
It would have struck her that almost every field carries a poster reading: 'EU, vaccinate now!'
I have argued more than once in this Parliament that animals are more than production units.
They are creatures made by God, for whom we have responsibility.
Norms and values apply not only in church but in the sty too.
Until 1980, vaccination was commonplace in the European Union.
In order to meet the trade, the non-vaccination policy was implemented.
In the 1997 outbreak of swine fever in the Netherlands, thousands of healthy pigs had to be destroyed and then too there was a call for vaccination.
When will this Parliament start listening to its citizens?
There is a vaccine available that makes it possible to distinguish vaccination from infection.
There are still some drawbacks associated with those vaccines, but are there none associated with the mass destruction of animals?
Infectious animal diseases, like swine fever, show the weaknesses of current agricultural policy.
It is wrong that organic farming and extensive animal husbandry should be proposed as the solution.
These forms of agriculture are not less susceptible to livestock disease, on the contrary.
Because of the high level of enclosure in intensive livestock farming, these businesses are precisely less susceptible to infection.
That is not to say that organic farming does not have desirable aspects - its small-scale nature has many advantages.
A combination of the small-scale structure of organic farming and the enclosure of intensive livestock keeping is a key for the future.
For production we must abandon large-scale mobility and switch to more enclosed operations, no longer with international, but with regional circuits.
Mr President, may I add my congratulations to the rapporteur for a very welcome report.
Swine fever, like foot-and-mouth, does re-emerge from time to time in different Member States throughout the European Union.
Unfortunately, the only way of controlling it, at the moment, is by large-scale slaughter of animals, many of which are free from disease.
To date, we have not been able, as has already been said, to develop a marker vaccine capable of controlling the disease.
I find it very hard in this modern day and age to understand why we have not made greater progress.
You need only look at everything we have at our disposal, and at the costs incurred in this senseless slaughter of thousands of innocent animals.
We heard this week that in the United Kingdom for every one proven case of foot-and-mouth, animals have been slaughtered on five or six farms around that case.
The cost, not only to the Exchequer and to the European Union, but the real cost of the loss of these animals, is enormous.
The agriculture industry certainly does not need anymore bad publicity and I support Mr Stevenson's position on the amendments put forward by Mr Mulder.
It is all very well to speak of stringent controls, but you cannot guard against human failure.
I understand that it will be very difficult and take time to secure agreement between all the parties involved - our trade partners and everyone else.
But we must begin and we must put down a marker now.
We must never again go through what we have just witnessed, be it with swine fever or with foot-and-mouth.
There has to be a better way.
The people of the European Union are demanding this.
Many farmers demand that there has to be a better method of control.
It is incumbent upon us to find a better way rather than witness the senseless slaughter we have recently seen.
No one can convince me that we have got it right at present.
I do not believe we have.
We have made mistakes and we should recognise those mistakes and put those mistakes right sooner, rather than later.
Thank you, honourable Members.
The proposal also takes account of the development of new diagnostic tools and vaccines, and of the opinions given by the Scientific Committee on these issues.
This House is well aware that in 1997/1998, a major outbreak of classical swine fever occurred in several Member States.
The Commission has immediately taken a decision, in full consultation with the Spanish authorities, to impose restrictions on exports from this region.
This decision will be reviewed at a meeting of the Standing Veterinary Committee, scheduled for this week.
The decision taken today has immediate effect until 30 June and will be reviewed in the meantime.
Before standing up in this debate, I had a brief telephone conversation on this matter with the Spanish Minister for Agriculture.
A single farm is concerned, and I am happy to say that he informed me that all of the animals moved from that farm before confirmation had been slaughtered.
However, we must remain particularly vigilant in relation to this issue.
The situation will need to be followed up very closely, and I will be happy to keep Parliament informed of developments.
Returning to the current proposal, and marker vaccination in particular, the Commission financed specific trials and research projects.
Clearly, their use can only be envisaged in an emergency situation and once laboratory tests are available to discriminate between vaccinated and infected animals.
Here I must emphasise the importance of the efficacy of the tests, as distinct from the marker vaccinations themselves.
Encouragingly, Parliament's Agriculture Committee, the Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions and the Member States, largely support the Commission's approach to this sensitive issue.
This contrasts with the situation a few years ago, when quite different opinions were expressed by the experts themselves.
This reminds us of the importance of scientific investigation, so that informed answers can be given to technically complex matters such as this.
The report of Madame Redondo largely supports the main aspects of the Commission proposal and of course, I am obviously very pleased about this.
However, allow me to address in detail the amendments, which have been proposed.
I will begin with the amendments the Commission cannot accept.
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 2 to 5, 26, 28 and 30, as they go beyond the scope of this directive.
I understand that the recent FMD crisis has prompted Parliament to raise some horizontal problems related to animal health, which certainly need to be addressed.
I share the concern of the Parliament.
But these complex issues cannot be addressed in this directive.
I have already informed this Assembly that the Commission will address those issues before the end of the year in a separate legal framework.
The Commission cannot accept this amendment, as such decisions must be taken on a case-by-case basis.
The legal basis for doing so already exists in the framework of the common market organisation for pig meat.
This mechanism demonstrated its efficiency and there is no need for further legal provisions in this regard.
Amendments Nos 20 and 21 concern the role of different authorities in the control of classical swine fever in wild boar.
Their co-ordination must be guaranteed to ensure proper eradication.
Amendment No 23 concerns the introduction of an article on the potential use of marker vaccines.
As I have already said, the Commission and Parliament agree on this important issue.
The Commission however cannot accept this amendment, as its proposal already includes comprehensive provisions on marker vaccines.
However, we will take into account Parliament's remarks in a new recital.
Amendments Nos 20 and 29 concern the legal status of the classical swine fever diagnostic manual, which the Commission intends to adopt.
After the adoption of this directive, following the opinion of the Standing Veterinary Committee, the report suggests including this manual as part of the directive itself.
The Commission feels that this could create confusion from a legal point of view and thus cannot accept these amendments.
However, some modifications will be introduced in the text to reinforce the concept but the manual must be an essential part of Community legislation on swine fever.
Amendments Nos 24 and 25 note the need for some transitional provisions on contingency plans, which are indeed already in Article 28 of the proposal.
While the Commission shares the views of the Parliament, it cannot accept these amendments.
On the other hand, the Commission can accept entirely or partially, a number of amendments.
In these cases, drafting changes are also needed.
In summary, the Commission can accept the following amendments in full or in part and subject to necessary drafting changes: Amendments Nos 1, 9-11, 14, 19, 27, 31 and 32.
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 2-8, 12, 13, 15-18, 20-26, 28-30 and 33-37.
To conclude, ladies and gentlemen, I wish once again to thank Madam Redondo and the Agriculture Committee for the excellent report and their support.
Thank you, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
EEC/Comoros fisheries agreement
The number of vessels authorised to fish is set at 65: 40 tuna seiners and 25 surface longliners.
There is an increase in the overall number of vessels, which goes up from 60 to 65.
Of these, the tuna seiners correspond to the following countries: France, 21;
Spain, 18;
Italy, 1.
As for the surface longliners, most are Spanish with a few from Portugal.
The main change in this section concerns the structure of this financial contribution.
That means there is greater effort, so to say, in the development contribution to the detriment of the purely commercial aspects.
The cost distribution of the agreement is also changed.
The Community budget appropriation is cut by 2.7% and in exchange the shipowners' contributions are raised by 35%.
In real terms, the rate per tonne of catch goes up from EUR 20 to EUR 25.
This is a fair and balanced agreement, which brings together the various interests, and the various elements that are inevitably involved in this type of agreement.
Mr President, I should like to thank Mr Prez Royo for his report and the efficient conduct of business in committee.
He had our full support.
But we have some reservations.
I have no difficulty whatsoever with the need to develop the fishing ports that are, in many ways, hard-pressed through restructuring and depleted stocks.
But I have a serious problem about dealing with countries like the Comoros, which has a population of half-a-million people, and a GDP per capita of USD 700.
I cannot believe that these people have any capacity whatsoever to police their waters or in any way manage their stocks.
We are obviously sending - as the rapporteur pointed out - something like 65 vessels (mostly Spanish and French) into these waters.
These vessels catch 40 000 tonnes of fish.
How can anybody have any control over what they do or what they bring back?
I tend to believe that, to put it bluntly, this is a licence to plunder.
First of all, I would like a proper evaluation, as Mr Prez Royo requested, an economic evaluation and a cost-benefit analysis on behalf of the Union.
That is my main concern.
Nevertheless I support the report.
Mr Prez Royo represents the view of the committee on this.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
As there are no more items on the agenda, I shall adjourn the session for fifteen minutes before the vote.
(The sitting was suspended at 6.15 p.m. and resumed at 6.30 p.m.)
Relating to the President' s communication on the membership of the committees.
I shall let you be the judge of your remark, Mr MacCormick.
VOTE
In item i) the words must endorse are changed to did endorse (past tense).
This is because of the changed situation: it has already happened. We can therefore no longer do anything to change it.
Thank you, both your explanations are, therefore, technical amendments which are based on proven facts.
I accept the amendments tabled by Mrs Maes, but personally I will not be taking part in the vote on Chad because I think it does not go far enough.
That is your prerogative, Mr Sylla.
It will be noted in the Minutes.
So the first two technical amendments tabled by Mrs Maes have been incorporated.
As to the phrase she read out, that is an oral amendment.
Are there any objections to taking this oral amendment into consideration?
As there are none, it shall also be integrated.
During the vote on Afghanistan:
Mr President, we thought that there should still be a vote on one section of item 6, namely the last one.
No, Mrs Maes, we isolated the phrase. We voted in two parts and both parts were approved by the House.
Before the vote on Angola:
In the sixth paragraph there is mention of the existence of three million displaced persons as a consequence of the war in Angola.
The latest statistics and information gathered from international organisations and NGOs point at four million.
Therefore, if there is no objection, I should like to ask that the number be corrected: four million persons and not three million.
In any case, we are not going to start voting on the joint resolution.
First of all, there are two group resolutions which do not cover the entire text.
I suggest that you reflect on Mr Ribeiro' s proposal whilst we vote on the other proposals.
We will see if the House will accept the technical amendment tabled by the honourable Member.
On the vote on Angola:
"Condemns all the massacres against the civilian population perpetrated by the military forces in place" .
If agreed, this would replace Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4.
In fact, the proposal seeks to create a body within the Commission which will coordinate the actions in the Member States.
In any case, I feel that this proposal for a decision is to be supported, and I announce that my group will be voting in favour.
Redondo Jimnez report (A5-0143/2001)
. (DE) Classical swine fever is one of the scourges of the animal world in Europe.
The EU's vaccination policy is attracting more and more attention, especially since the last outbreak of foot-and-mouth.
If conventional vaccines are used, the stock affected must be totally isolated for long periods.
The situation would be different if we could use marker vaccines, which are currently being investigated and improved.
We must be able to distinguish between vaccinated and infected animals.
Mrs Redondo has presented a good, balanced report on the problem of classical swine fever.
I support the call for more research and development on vaccines.
Using marker vaccines would give us another very useful tool with which to fight the disease in areas with a high density of pigs, obviating the need for wholesale slaughter.
Hygiene plays a very important part in connection with disease.
Feedingstuffs must be prepared to strict standards which can and must be controlled.
I must explain, Mr President, why I cannot present explanations of vote.
My 86-year-old mother came to visit the European Parliament; she watched the whole sitting; she said, 'Good, Fatuzzo!
What a fine Parliament!
You speak a little too much, however.
You should not give so many explanations of vote.'
Mother will always be mother.
That is why I thought I should make her happy by not giving explanations of vote. Just for today!
(Applause and laughter)
Mr Fatuzzo, I think the applause shows just how much the House is amazed by the wisdom of your mother.
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
(The sitting was closed at 7.00 p.m.)
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 14 June 2001.
Membership of political groups
I therefore propose to confirm these mandates.
I note that Mr Holmes is leader of the UK Independence Party.
I wonder whether that means that the UK Independence Party is now transferring in its entirety, or at least the two Members who are present here, to the other group.
I only have information about Mr Holmes.
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday 28 June 2001.
Relating to Wednesday:
Madam President, I am sorry that I keep on having to repeat myself on the subject of Wednesdays, but the same deplorable state of affairs still exists.
As I see it, question time has again been deferred and shortened.
Every time I protest, I am told that this is exceptional.
The exception is now slowly becoming the norm because, by foolishly abolishing the Friday sittings, we have overloaded the Wednesday ones.
I would therefore ask you to ensure that, independently of the Friday issue - which we cannot now resolve -Wednesdays come fully into their own again.
In other words, a full one and a half hours should be set aside for question time, for the right to ask questions is a fundamental right of every parliamentarian.
Mr Posselt, I promise you that this will be the last time.
Unless the chairs of the groups decide otherwise.
(The order of business was adopted)
Speeches relating to procedure
Madam President, I would like to inform you once again of the difficulties of travelling to Strasbourg from the countries where we live.
I would like to make this extreme inconvenience known.
I realise that airlines have limits, but surely Air France could provide an aeroplane with more than 18 seats on the first day of the part-session, Madam President.
This is an obstacle to the work of this House.
Thank you for pointing this out to me, Mrs Napoletano.
As you know, we are doing all we can to improve the situation.
In any case, I think that there have been some improvements.
Madam President, there were no flights at all from Amsterdam to Strasbourg this morning.
The flight was once again cancelled.
I have drawn your attention to this on several occasions in this House.
The number of flights, which was originally three per day, has been cut down to two.
We then assumed that those flights would probably continue to operate, but Air France has once again decided to cancel the flights altogether.
I should like to draw your attention to this.
We all had to fly via Paris, Brussels or Frankfurt again, which meant that we were late arriving here, although we were at the airport before 8 a.m.
Thank you, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, I can only say that I am sorry to hear this.
You have indeed pointed this out on a number of occasions, so please rest assured that I will try to do all I can to follow up this matter.
Madam President, I will be very brief.
I would just like to remind Mr Wurtz that Mr Milosevic was the force behind his political family.
My whole group and I fought, therefore, against him, in particular during the Yugoslavian conflict.
Well then, the task of a self-respecting European Parliament is to analyse this fact: whether Mr Milosevic is a criminal or not will be decided by an appropriate court.
Our task is to decide whether or not the autonomy of peoples is sacred and sacrosanct.
Madam President, in my view, we must welcome Mr Wurtz' s speech on conversion.
This constitutes genuine humiliation, and perhaps this would be enough to inspire our Greek friends to set about fighting to change this situation in their own country.
Madam President, on a point of order.
Otherwise Milosevic and company would have broken it up long ago.
We should concentrate now on supporting and helping it to survive in this present very difficult situation rather than confuse the issue with matters which are secondary.
Mr Dupuis is quite right.
How can we expect a country to have an identity when it is called by an acronym?
Let us please put an end to this nonsense.
Ladies and gentlemen, please do not subrogate to this nation by speaking on its behalf.
They personally agreed to this name at the United Nations.
Do not worry, a solution will be found and, anyway, that is not the problem.
Helping FYROM or Macedonia in its present state.
That is what Parliament should be doing.
Madam President, I wish to speak about pensioners and elderly people who are not self-sufficient, who have disabilities.
I want all the elderly people who need to, to be able to find a public or private home where they can receive assistance, in a situation of free competition.
I call upon you to make every effort to bring this about.
Resale rights
Madam President, I think this directive will be a success.
What we have here is a classic example of European work.
Parliament then required the Council to think in European terms at second reading, while the optimum demands were made on behalf of artists and auction houses.
Finally, a solution that everyone involved considered to be acceptable and satisfactory was found following tough negotiations with the Council and the Commission.
We have put European competition in the art market back on track, while auction houses and galleries in the EU are being given equality of opportunity.
We have improved social security for artists and their heirs, who have now also been uniformly guaranteed a financial stake in the increases in value of their works.
I therefore believe that we have, in this way, taken a first important step in the direction of more competition and more security in European art circles.
I must ask the House to approve the result of the negotiations.
Lastly, the resale right is a form of tax on financial speculation in the art world.
The rapporteur has said all that was necessary with regard to the compromise reached, which I personally supported.
In this compromise, the European Parliament made two essential gains:
This precedent would have been set at a particularly inopportune moment, at the very time when the Community is preparing for its enlargement to new members.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, having started in April 1997, we have now reached the third reading of the Resale Rights Directive.
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the members of the conciliation committee and Mr Zimmerling for their efforts.
But unfortunately, I shall have to adhere to my old point of view.
The vast majority of my group are still not happy with the proposal.
Should an artist' s heir be able to exercise his or her rights seventy years after the event?
I do not think so.
A sale implies that all rights and duties are waived, and that is what the financial compensation is for.
The suggestion to increase the minimum price to EUR 3 000 is an improvement.
Anything lower would seriously hamper budding artists.
This brings me to my next point of criticism.
Our main objection to this proposal is that it is diametrically opposed to the principle of subsidiarity.
The Commission has been unable to demonstrate that discrepancies in legislation in the Member States will, in the long run, have a direct, negative impact on the internal market.
The art market could, in fact, move outside Europe altogether, where this right does not exist.
Surely that cannot be the aim of the exercise.
It appears from the proposal that that is a problem.
Provision is made for all kinds of unnecessary exceptions.
Then there is implementation.
In addition to the red tape which is involved in keeping track of the different sales and purchases of a work of art, exceptions complicate the matter even further.
Artists do not welcome this either.
If the sale takes place between private persons, resale rights do not apply.
Would you not agree with me that the trade in art between private persons will experience a dramatic upsurge?
That is not the only example I could quote.
Finally, the directive does not offer all artists the same treatment, except in the case of sales via galleries and auction houses.
The directive is unclear and is not fraud-proof.
It is also superfluous, for there is no distortion within the internal market.
My group does not welcome legislation of this kind.
The citizen experiences this, in fact, as unnecessary interference from Brussels.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, further to what Mrs Sanders-ten Holte has said, it can be seen that there are two sides to every question.
A majority of members of visual artists' associations and representative bodies, with whom I have spoken during the last few years, now want to see European resale rights.
Even the majority of those in the art trade want to see common resale rights.
Politicians have been trying for years to negotiate a compromise acceptable to everyone.
Admittedly, the Council has not really striven for harmonisation but, rather, put together a framework with a number of ingenious loopholes.
In what was not so much a debate as a veto policy, the Commission, too, played its role, however, in making resale rights possible.
We have this paper, which can be improved upon, but it is precisely because we now have the paper that such improvements can be made.
Opponents should be somewhat more careful in their criticism rather than appear, as critics, to be all of the same mind.
It is they who assume the major risk.
They have a great many problems with the tax differentials, administration and insurance contracts.
They are scarcely allowed to take visual artists' work on commission. For the most part, they have to buy such works.
Nevertheless I will take this opportunity to put on record my party's opposition to this measure.
There is in fact a major market in the UK - mainly in London - and very little else in Europe.
Therefore, the major effect would be not so much to distort as to disrupt the UK market.
Secondly, such money as is collected will invariably go to the wrong people.
This does not exactly conform with the images of helping the struggling artist.
Thirdly, the law itself is cumbersome and will add considerably to the costs of art markets by adding a tier of bureaucracy and expense.
Many small firms will be excluded from low-value sales altogether, limiting the opportunities for new and aspiring artists to market their works.
Instead of helping artists, this will hinder them, and there will be fewer small firms left in business.
Who will then buy the works of unknown artists?
Altogether this is an ill-conceived, irrational and ultimately unnecessary piece of legislation.
The legislation itself will be the instrument which creates distortions in an otherwise satisfactory market.
As is so often the case, Parliament and the European Union should leave things alone.
On that occasion, I concluded by saying that the present basis for the decision was unsatisfactory.
I certainly think that the conciliation committee made a lot of changes to try to accommodate these reservations.
Moreover, the rapporteur is also to be congratulated.
A further deadline is cited by way of supplement.
This wording shows how sensitive the subject is and how various compromises had to be made.
We must ask ourselves if this goal has been achieved.
Thirdly, this is an undesirable development, however, since it would confine young artists within a world of consumer opportunities.
Fourthly, the tax could change the nature of competition in the art trade.
If this were to happen, there could be a real risk of migration.
These reservations are also shared by many in my country and in my parliamentary group.
That does not detract from the result of the conciliation, but I would ask you to understand that not everyone today is laughing.
Madam President, for reasons of equality, if nothing else, a right similar to copyright or other intellectual property rights is needed for intellectual works which can be reproduced ad infinitum.
And what we have created are resale rights for the figurative arts.
These rights are property rights because they vest economic rights and benefits in the artist.
However, they are property rights sui generis because they indirectly recognise the importance of aesthetic values while, at the same time, awarding artists a sort of honorary tax.
It is a fact of life that works of art cannot be bought and sold without the intervention of art dealers.
However, unlike the trade in consumer or other capital goods, the trade in works of art is not an end in itself.
The point about the art trade is that it disseminates aesthetic values and aesthetic messages.
But these messages cannot be disseminated without artists.
And while their contribution is unique, the works which they produce only gradually acquire a market value.
It is therefore wholly unfair for the dealer - who is no more than a middleman - to reap the full benefit of this value.
Besides, it is up to them to encourage artistic creativity.
That is why it is wrong that artists in certain countries do not recognise this right.
We therefore need to correct the mistake in the Berne Convention making resale rights potential rights.
The fact that certain countries insist on long transitional periods or on postponing the date of application does not flatter its supporters.
Europe, as the area of artistic creation and culture par excellence, must show third countries the right way forward.
Everyone stands to gain from this solution.
Mr President, we, the British Conservative MEPs, are not happy with this proposal.
We believe it is not necessary for the completion of the single market.
In practice we do not believe it will help financially those who need it most.
Indeed, there is some evidence it may actually make them worse off, as my colleague Mr Karas pointed out.
Those jobs are our jobs - Europe's jobs - and our businesses.
On balance, we believe it will damage rather than enhance Europe's economy and the position of its working artists.
In short, we believe it is an ill-conceived project which is against the best interests of Europe in general and the single market in particular.
I begin by expressing the thanks of the Commission to the rapporteur, Mr Zimmerling, for his report.
In particular, the Commission notes with pleasure that an agreement has finally been reached.
The resale right is going to be part of Community law.
It will allow artists to benefit from that right wherever their works are sold in the European Union.
That means that an end will gradually be put to the distortion of competition affecting the internal market in this area.
The directive will give the Commission a basis on which to act in order to promote recognition of the resale rights at international level.
The Commission has already committed itself to taking appropriate action in that direction.
But the Commission is still concerned by the long delays in application which may lead to 10 years elapsing before the directive is able to produce its full harmonising effects.
Thank you very much, Mr Bolkestein.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Better legal protection for accident victims
What are we proposing?
Secondly, the sum insured ought, in future, to amount to at least EUR 2 million, irrespective of the number of victims and the nature of the losses.
I have doubts, however, as to whether this amount will be sufficient.
In December 1998, a British judge decided the case of a Dutch student who had broken his neck in an accident and since been paralysed from neck to toe.
The court awarded the accident victim compensation of approximately GBP 9 million, some GBP 8 million of which related to purely financial loss.
In such cases, we need clear regulations in favour of the accident victim.
In future, compensation should be paid from the guarantee fund of the country in which the accident occurred.
Take, for example, the case of a Dutch hit-and-run driver who causes an accident in Italy with a vehicle stolen in Poland that has false German number plates.
Who is liable?
In future, it should be the Italian guarantee fund alone, which would obviously try to obtain redress.
Fourthly, the period for which a policyholder working temporarily in another Member State is protected ought, in future, to be increased to twelve months.
During this period, he ought neither to have to register a new address for his vehicle nor to have to effect a new insurance policy.
Those are only some of the proposals.
They are really there for the purpose of tying up loose ends.
At a later stage, we shall deal with the real problems of the future, i.e. reform of the compensation provided for non-material losses in the European Union.
We discussed this last year in Trier at the Academy of European Law: in other words, the protection of pedestrians and cyclists as vulnerable road users.
I consider that to be a modern concept.
The Commission should therefore set to work.
Insurance has to be as foolproof as we can possibly make it, because that is what consumers expect.
Many of us have dealt with constituency cases, because of problems or loopholes in insurance cover.
I just want to mention two areas specifically this evening.
The first is an important provision that not only benefits citizens, but also encourages in a practical way the development of the single market.
Their current home insurer is not allowed to provide that cover.
In Mr Rothley's proposals, they will be able to do that simply and easily.
Cover can be extended for 30 days to encourage citizens to go and exercise their rights in a single market and shop across borders.
That is something which the Commission, particularly the internal market Commissioner, Mr Bolkestein, will be pleased to support.
They will be able to take their car and its existing insurance cover for a period of up to 12 months, without any problems.
That is important.
We know from complaints received, certainly in my case, from UK citizens that it has not been easy for insurance companies to provide such cover.
Again, this is of practical benefit enabling citizens to exercise their rights in the internal market.
Mr President, firstly I want to make it absolutely clear that I have every sympathy with what our rapporteur wishes to achieve in taking forward this proposal.
As we have often noted before, motor vehicle accidents unfortunately touch the lives of far too many of our citizens as mobility across Europe grows.
The Fourth Directive made great strides in dealing with these problems.
However, I want to concentrate on the fact that the proposal "requires" Member States to implement in their national law the provisions relating to an improved compensation procedure.
Logically, yes, but does this way forward respect subsidiarity?
I am afraid not and this is an important point.
I have therefore retabled an amendment to make this merely a recommendation to Member States.
The point is that the issues raised here are a matter for national private civil law.
It would involve substantial changes in tort law in England and Wales, for example.
We would be putting motor vehicle accident victims in a class apart.
What about the victims of medical negligence, industrial injury or any other type of claim against insurers?
At present our committee is looking carefully at the harmonisation of civil law.
In that respect we have been rightly critical of a piecemeal approach, improperly researched.
I merely wish to make the point today that this proposal does, and must, involve a much bigger debate with tremendous implications for our respective systems of civil law.
It deserves proper and transparent treatment.
Mr President, Mr Rothley's own-initiative report is indeed most welcome at this stage in the evolution of the single market.
There is no doubt that the Fourth Motor Insurance Directive needs updating after 15 years in force.
This period has afforded us sufficient opportunity to assess the effectiveness of the directive in contributing to a genuine single market for motor insurance.
It is clear that there are a number of gaps remaining and that the insuree and the claimant still face certain difficulties which need to be addressed.
I thank Mr Rothley for his research in this area and for clearly identifying the areas in which the legal protection of accident victims can be improved.
As long as there is room for improvement in this area, it is incumbent on us, as European legislators, to push forward and bring about a better set of conditions.
While a certain amount of progress has been made, it is clear that a single insurance market does not yet exist.
This deprives consumers of the best that companies across Europe can offer in terms of choice, in terms of flexibility and, of course, price.
Motor insurance is a multi-billion euro business and further competition must be encouraged so that consumers can reap the benefits.
One glaring inconsistency in the motor insurance field is in the area of temporary residency.
Current rules often place consumers at the mercy of insurance companies.
This must stop.
The freedom to live, work or study abroad must mean just that - freedom - and not hidden barriers.
Having to re-insure and re-register can be such hindrances.
In my own country we currently have the shortest re-registration period, with only one day allowed.
It is frequently difficult for temporary residents to obtain local insurance cover at a reasonable price.
A one-year grace period during which the home country insurer would be obliged to continue cover is perfectly reasonable.
This would mean one less headache for citizens considering temporary residency in another Member State.
Mr President, Commissioner, the number of road accidents within the EU is unacceptably high.
That certainly applies to the tens of thousands who lose their lives on the roads and the hundreds of thousand who are injured in road accidents every year.
Certainly in those cases, but even if there is only material damage, the suffering should not be exacerbated by endless tugs-of-war with the insurance companies.
As cross-border transport, both in the freight and in the private sector, increases, so do the problems in obtaining motor vehicle insurance cover.
Mr Rothley has specified these in his report and, in doing so, has underlined the need for something to be done.
While number plates now bear the European emblem, indicating the Member State inside the circle of stars, in many cases the number plate provides no information.
As far as the minimum cover for legal liability is concerned, I share the rapporteur' s view that it is high time it went up.
Unfortunately, it seems that EUR 2 million will be needed in practice to cover the damages in virtually all cases.
I therefore support the appeal to the Commission in the draft resolution to send a proposal to Parliament this autumn.
This period may be brief, but the rapporteur has already provided the blueprint for the proposal in this report.
Mr President, I wish to begin by saying that the Commission regrets the absence of Mr Rothley this afternoon.
Therefore I know that Parliament has a special concern for the effectiveness of the insurance cover which protects millions of European citizens who may become involved in motor vehicle accidents.
The legislation was adopted last year.
That directive was also a remarkable development because it was the first occasion on which Parliament made use of its new powers under Article 192 of the Treaty.
The European Parliament now calls upon the Commission, in my person, to take further action in this field.
This time the object of Parliament's requests is not to fill a gap in existing rules but to modernise and reinforce the single insurance market in this area.
For that reason, and in consultation with Member States, industry and victim support groups, in 1998 the Commission started a comprehensive exercise to review our insurance directives.
That exercise is now at a very advanced stage, but has not yet been completed.
Thank you very much, Mr Bolkestein.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes
Mr President, I was struck today by an article in The Wall Street Journal; the subtitle read: "Why do America and Europe differ on the importance of consumer interests?"
It went on to say, from a US point of view: "when it comes to putting the consumer at the center of its economic model, Europe remains stubbornly old-fashioned."
E-commerce, of all types, still lags behind in Europe.
By 2005, 11% of US retail sales will be online, only 6+% in western Europe.
Our hope must be that this Commission initiative for a European Extra-Judicial Network will help build consumer e-confidence and force those European figures up.
We must be clear that this is an attempt to deal with a large number of low-value cross-border consumer disputes, outside the normal legal system.
Alternative means that almost replace the lower end of our traditional court systems will be introduced.
This is a very ambitious project, and such an exercise needs to be seriously undertaken and properly funded.
One of my greatest concerns about this initiative is its funding, both substantively and in terms of its publicity.
Our citizens know where their local courts are, but will they know how or where to access the EEJ Net?
From what I have seen, I am not over-optimistic.
Secondly, is the system coherent and efficient?
At the moment, progress is very variable in the different Member States.
The Commission must get tough in this respect, hence our suggestion of a service-level agreement with each clearing-house.
Only such an arrangement will ensure that our citizens get the service that they really deserve.
This brings me to the amendments.
We can happily accept Amendments Nos 2 and 3, but we have grave concerns about Amendment No 1.
Not to allow the clearing-houses to give legal advice flies in the face of reality.
Some of the centres already operating as Euroguichets, have trained lawyers on their staff.
They could not function without that.
We cannot offer our citizens a second-rate service.
Lastly, let us turn to the legislative method, ADR and the EEJ Net, are examples of soft law or co-regulation.
If this is the way of the future, it is important that Parliament be fully involved from start to finish.
For this reason consumer protection matters at least as much.
It comes in two forms.
First, it provides legal protection, and, secondly, it provides a means of enforcing that protection.
Hence we welcome this initiative to create a user-friendly, extra-judicial network across Europe.
Indeed we believe it should go beyond the physical limits of the Union since the Net is no respecter of national boundaries.
As is so often the case, the devil lies in the detail.
We look forward to seeing that detail and wish its progress well.
Mr President, Mrs Wallis' report is an important contribution to the debate on Community policy on out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes.
I also commend her recommendations to this House, and indeed share her concerns.
We all know from our own experience that lengthy and costly litigation through the courts is losing its appeal as a means to resolve disputes.
The notion that most people want judges, well-dressed lawyers and fine courtrooms as a setting to resolve their disputes is no longer correct.
People with problems, like people with pains, want relief and they want it as quickly and as inexpensively as possible.
The success of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms is beginning to create a cultural shift away from traditional litigation.
In a recent case in the UK, an eleven-month trial running into millions of pounds was replaced and resolved by mediation in a matter of days.
We see examples of this across Europe.
But if the single market is to grow, then we need to make it easier for consumers to shop across borders with greater confidence.
This will only happen if consumers can buy goods and services and be confident and secure that if problems arise they can be resolved easily.
Not in the first instance in court where the average cost for a cross-border case is EUR 2 500 and it takes between 23 and 29 months to resolve.
My own personal experience with Internet shopping has not inspired me with e-confidence.
After purchasing CDs from a renowned high street store, namely HMV, I received an incomplete order with a promise of further delivery.
Most reputable shopping sites ensure that money is not taken from an account.
Two months on I have still to receive outstanding items and my visa card has been debited the full amount.
Yet the value of these items is small and court redress would be costly and nonsensical.
Consumers are also increasingly tempted to buy even more expensive items across borders, like washing machines, fridges, financial services and cars.
ADR is a valuable way to access justice providing services and remedies which are appropriate to the cost of the item.
But it is not the panacea to all consumer disputes.
The consumer must still have the right to go to court as a last resort.
In the absence of an agreement directly with the trader or the trading site, the consumer should be encouraged to look at the benefits of ADRs.
It is vital, as Mrs Wallis, has said, that the consumer is aware and informed of this option.
In my own Member State, citizens advice bureaux are acting as a clearing-house.
Consumers who make claims have, therefore, a local point of access and information.
This is vital.
For consumers in the UK there is an even bigger bonus as a by-product of boosting confidence in crossborder shopping on the Internet.
We can shop in a larger market and often buy goods up to a third cheaper.
This has to be a benefit in what we call "rip-off Britain", by driving down high prices in our own over-priced internal home market.
Mr President, I have been a keen supporter of the alternative and out-of-court settlement of disputes for years.
Consequently, the alternative settlement of disputes has been included explicitly in a number of directives.
The internal market has given consumers the opportunity to expand their horizons enormously, and they no longer rely on what is on offer within the national market.
Certainly at a time when cross-border sales and purchases are increasingly being made via modern communications methods, the benefits of the European market are becoming apparent.
But the consumer may also be dissatisfied at times. This applies at Member State, as well as international, level.
In the case of cross-border purchases, the complaints procedure is much longer but, above all, also more laborious.
That is deplorable.
In the light of this, I welcome the Commission' s proposal with open arms.
I should also like to congratulate Mrs Wallis who has managed to pinpoint a few sore points in her report, with which I could not agree more.
Allow me to mention a few more key words with regard to the information desks to be set up.
These need to be simple procedures, a low threshold for the consumer who is looking for legal solutions and sound regulations governing the use of the consumer' s own language.
As for the latter, the Commission should reconsider how it intends to implement its plans practically speaking.
I should also like to know when the information desks will be set up in the different Member States.
The Netherlands plans to launch these in 2001.
In my opinion, the information desks should focus on the role of offering guidance to the consumer.
In that respect, I do not see eye to eye with Mrs Wallis.
The real legal advice must therefore be given by duly qualified people.
I also believe that the information desk should not, and cannot, act in the role of advocate, for then it would be responsible for the advice given.
In this connection, I believe that my amendment should be carefully re-read, also by the rapporteur.
We run too many risks when we start issuing them with legal tasks.
I speak from experience as Chairman of the Disputes Settlement Committees Foundation.
Mr President, it is very important that a framework is developed within the European Union in order to guarantee that the rights of consumers are protected at all times.
This entails putting into place systems which will allow the 370 million consumers of the European Union to access justice promptly, and to secure redress when consumer rights are infringed.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
This is why I welcome this communication, which seeks to put in place procedures to deal with out-of-court settlements of consumer disputes.
It is up to the 15 Member States of the European Union to implement the provisions of this recommendation.
Each Member State will have to put in place procedures which can deal with out-of-court settlements of consumer disputes.
Ultimately, these new structures will be able to help resolve cross-border disputes for aggrieved consumers within the European Union.
Such central contact points will explain to consumers to whom they may address their complaints and seek appropriate redress.
The central contact points will provide information and assistance with regard to the resolution of cross-border disputes within the European Union.
I would urge the European Commission to allocate substantial funds to ensure that this new scheme is widely publicised across the European Union.
If we want these new structures to be a success, wide publicity is going to have to be put in place.
In conclusion, Mr President, this proposal is only part of a range of measures implemented by the European Union to protect consumer rights.
Consumers need to be protected, both in the off-line world and in the increasingly important on-line world where consumers are purchasing many goods and services over the Internet.
A new information technology age has arrived.
We must ensure that consumers' rights are protected as these technologies continue.
I congratulate the rapporteur on this fine report.
Mr President, we wish we could be considering a perfect and polished Commission working paper on the settlement of consumer disputes, specifically those requiring cross-border solutions.
Mr. President, I am not only an advocate but a convinced advocate of the benefits of arbitration.
This largely comes from my experience of legal practice, both in the area of domestic law in my own Member State and in the area of international commercial arbitration.
In addition, this is a significant step forward in fulfilling the Tampere Council conclusions in providing better access to justice in Europe.
The continuing expansion of economic activity within the internal market means more and more that consumers' activities are not confined to their own country.
Member States, in close cooperation with the Commission, have already made substantial progress since this initiative was proposed in March last year.
The Commission is providing financial assistance for the start-up costs and will examine how best to provide further infrastructure and targeted support.
In addition, both Norway and Iceland have expressed their wish to participate and have been attending meetings with Member States' experts and with the Commission.
We are also examining how best the enlargement candidate countries can be brought into the network.
Much work has been completed with Member States' experts and with wider stakeholders to turn the network into a successfully functioning reality.
In particular, one result of this work has been a Memorandum of Understanding, setting out the minimum functions and operational guidelines for the clearing-houses, which is now close to finalisation.
This document marks an important step in ensuring coherent cooperation throughout the network.
Network cooperation is envisaged through regular meetings, the development of network strategies and continual review of the network to ensure constant improvement.
Uniform methods for collecting data on the performance of the network, for its evaluation and to identify specific consumer problems are also part of the plan.
The group of Member State experts meets tomorrow to finalise these details.
It is also provisionally agreed that the network should become operational on the 16 October of this year.
I see the EEJ Net initiative as a priority.
It will also be important for businesses in facilitating greater cross-border trade, particularly of course, for SMEs.
It will put the practical framework in place to allow the ADRs' potential for resolving cross-border disputes to be fully exploited.
Mr President, I should like to hear what the Commissioner has to say about the amendments.
Mr President, these are amendments to the excellent text that has been put forward by the rapporteur.
As they stand, I do not have any objection to them, in particular the first one which identifies the need to have access to legal staff.
That is desirable and included in our proposal.
The others seem to me to be perfectly reasonable.
For instance, Amendment No 3 makes reference to the involvement of the EEA states.
Some of them are already involved and we want more of them involved, including the applicant countries.
So the Commission fully supports this.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
COM in fruit and vegetables
The next item is the Commission statement on the common organisation of the markets in the fruit and vegetables sector.
Mr Byrne has the floor, on behalf of the Commission.
This resolution contains a number of very interesting points and the Commission has taken careful note of them.
As you know, the intention of this report has been to act as a platform for a wide-ranging discussion among Member States, the European Parliament and the sector.
Since January, the report has been on the agenda of the Council working groups and of the SCA meetings and has been discussed in the last Council.
In this context, the Commission welcomes the points raised in the resolution by Parliament.
In particular it supports the objectives of increasing the concentration of supply via producer organisations, reducing problems linked to operational programmes and improving the overall market regulation.
The Commission would like to reassure Parliament that it is fully aware of the need to continue to work urgently on several aspects of this report and your current resolution.
When this process of evaluation has been completed, the Commission intends to come forward with proposals to improve the COM where appropriate.
In conclusion, the Commission would like once more to thank Parliament for this resolution.
Thank you very much, Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen.
I should like, first of all, to thank the Commission for its brief statement.
I am sorry that the Commissioner responsible is not here, but I am very grateful to you, Mr Byrne, for joining us here today.
In order to prevent disruption to support for this sector, an extension was approved for the improvement plans for the year 2000.
This problem requires a decision, which can be implemented immediately by setting in motion support mechanisms replacing the current improvement plans as these come to an end.
Parliament has declared itself to be in favour of seeking a definitive solution for this sector, within the framework of the COM in fruit and vegetables.
They would therefore receive the same treatment that the current regulations give to actions undertaken within the industry or between trade organisations.
This is creating distortions in the sector' s financing.
In broad terms, these are the concerns of the Group of the European People' s Party and of a southern country, about the COM.
Thank you very much, Commissioner, for joining us today.
No solutions have been suggested for a sector which, in some parts of the European Union, is responsible for 25% of total agricultural output and provides the most employment.
Are you aware, Commissioner, that out of every EUR 6 received by a fruit and vegetable producer in southern Europe, only EUR 0.012 comes from the European Union?
Do you think that this can be called a genuine common organisation of the market or a real system of support?
Commissioner, please undertake the necessary reforms that will provide real and unequivocal support for fruit and vegetable producers' organisations.
Please propose solutions that put an end to the problems of the operational programmes and funds, the excessive bureaucracy and the harmful consequences of trade agreements with third countries.
Commissioner, let us not make things so easy for the United States, Turkey or China.
Let us protect our farmers and the nuts they grow, at least to the same degree to which these countries protect their farmers and crops.
For months now, uncertainty has reigned in the production sector.
The Commission has already ensured that we will not have fish and is now on the way to ensuring that we will not have tomatoes either.
In October last year, Parliament adopted a report which highlighted the fact that only 40% of produce is marketed through producers' organisations.
Consequently, at the time, we tabled a series of amendments designed to improve the effectiveness of the COM, including amendments to resolve the problem of nuts.
In that debate, the Commissioner, Mr Fischler, stated that, although he viewed many of the amendments sympathetically, these went beyond the scope of the proposal submitted by the Commission.
He also declared that since the Commission was due to present a report on the matter in a few months' time, it would submit proposals to this effect.
In January, the Commission presented a report on the operation of the COM in fruit and vegetables but, regrettably, did not follow this up with proposals.
The report in question is essentially descriptive.
It contains some very interesting information, which broadly concurs with the information contained in our report of October last year.
The difference between the two reports lies in the fact that the Commission' s report is merely descriptive whereas Parliament' s report provided assessments and proposals.
There are, therefore, two problems.
As regards the procedure, the problem lies in the fact that the Commission' s report contains no analysis or assessment.
There is no sense in Parliament presenting a report on supposedly well-founded statistical data.
We therefore need to assess and compensate for the effects of trade agreements being signed with third countries and we need to encourage the concentration of supply via producer organisations.
I do not wish to end without making a brief mention of nuts, because my fellow Members have focussed mainly on this issue.
If any matter is genuinely urgent amongst all the urgent matters of the COM in fruit and vegetables, it is to resolve the nut issue.
In October, Parliament also put forward definitive proposals on this matter in order to resolve the problems.
I therefore find it incredible that the Commissioner claims not to be aware of the proposals that Parliament has made repeatedly on this subject.
I would like to draw the Commission' s attention to the fact that this is happening far too often.
I say this to the Commissioner present, but in particular so that he may pass it on to Mr Fischler.
This is noted in the recitals which head the motion for a resolution which we are presenting on the occasion of this oral question.
There was also a commitment from the Commission to resolve this series of problems caused by the last reform of fruit and vegetables.
This is not reflected either.
Commissioner, you must be aware that the only aid not to have been given continuity by Agenda 2000 has been that intended for nuts.
I ask that the needs of this sector be responded to.
The common agricultural policy has not provided an adequate response to this problem.
Nuts, as the Commissioner knows, are a crop grown in parts of southern Europe, in arid and semiarid areas, where there are often few alternatives to dry farming.
One cannot even use the argument that this is an intensive form of farming that damages the environment.
It is also clearly crucial, as Mrs Ayuso Gonzlez and other Members have said, for cofinancing to be raised to 70%.
Support for the workings of the operational funds must be effective.
Thirdly, Commissioner, it is high time that we adopted permanent support measures for nut producers.
Why not consider direct aid?
If almost all sectors are given such aid, why should this sector, which is so poor and so marginalised within Europe, not be given support?
I hope that the Commission will rapidly submit the proposals that we are calling for.
We are all aware of the importance of this sector, of which previous speakers have painted a dramatic picture.
The facts of the matter, and the present economic climate which I referred to earlier are as follows, especially for our products.
So what are we proposing in order to help the Commission?
Their organisations fall short when it comes to pooling their products and competing with their own resources on this difficult market, as I mentioned earlier.
So I too am adamant.
We must vote in favour of this motion for a resolution and we want the Commission to respond to this concern on our part.
Mr President, a number of Members have raised the question why the Commission has not brought forward some proposals concerning the report.
The Commission is still in the process of listening to opinions and comments.
However, as I mentioned previously, the Commission's services are already well into the process of evaluating these opinions.
The comments of Parliament are, of course, included in this evaluation.
It is too early to say when any possible proposals and solutions might be presented.
The Commission cannot issue a calendar of any steps ahead.
Many factors are involved, including budgetary aspects and the need to harmonise future policies between market sectors.
I can, however, assure you once again that the Commission services are considering this issue as a priority.
It hopes to move as soon as possible to a situation whereby full discussions can be held with all interested parties in the fruit and vegetable sector.
In this context, the Commission is in the process of evaluating whether and to what extent some further support may be available.
This evaluation process is taking place in the wider context of the report.
In any case, any possible future support could only be envisaged if coupled with reconversion.
However, the policy of a one-year stop-gap extension of nut improvement plans does not seem, to the Commission, to be an appropriate way of addressing this particular issue.
The most needed adjustments to the 1996 reform were, in fact, ensured by the adoption in December last year of Regulation 2699/2000.
I would prefer to leave these questions to my colleague, Franz Fischler.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
I have received one joint motion for a resolution, pursuant to Rule 37(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon.
International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO): Air transport and the environment
The next item is the Commission statement on the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO): Air transport and the environment.
Mr de Palacio has the floor on behalf of the Commission.
I would like to say that the Transport Council of last April saw fit to support this strategy proposed by the Commission.
Ladies and gentlemen, there is one aspect which we can already say is likely to have a positive result at the ICAO Assembly.
I am, of course, talking about the constitution of the new Chapter 4, with a reduction of 10 decibels on the maximum emissions authorised in previous chapters.
This balanced management is based on four elements. Firstly, measures for the reduction of noise at source.
Secondly, rules relating to the occupation of land.
Thirdly, lower-noise procedures, which allow pilots to limit noise at the time of take-off and landing.
And, lastly, measures intended to limit the operations of aircraft from Chapter 3 which are the noisiest.
It is, above all, this last point which - as you know - presents the most difficulties in our discussions with the United States.
In order to facilitate an agreement within the ICAO on this point, we are holding parallel discussions with the United States and with the developing countries.
It should be pointed out that neither the ICAO nor, of course, the United States can ignore the problems caused by aircraft noise for many airports in densely-populated regions.
For others, however, the problem of noise is much less important.
We will therefore have to consider decisions - we are working on this - in which there is a certain flexibility, taking each airport individually.
Furthermore, this point is going to make it easier for us to reach an agreement with the United States.
That is why we are delighted that the Commissioner herself has taken the initiative and come to address Parliament and clarify the Commission's stance.
This is a matter of vital importance to the electorate which put us here.
There have been some developments, which the Commissioner has described for us and on which I should like to comment.
I must say that I personally have reservations as to whether these developments can bring about a positive result.
However, we must be resolute and we must demonstrate that Europe is on an equal footing with the United States of America.
And I trust that the United States will take the same approach and speak with one voice and not several voices as has been the case in the past.
We also need to clarify another point, i.e. that we are calling for an international solution because this is an international problem and international problems require international solutions.
We are here to talk.
We hope that they take the same view. Otherwise circumstances will force us, the European Parliament, to take unilateral action and adopt solutions already adopted by the European Parliament.
The 33rd assembly of the ICAO is an opportunity which we must make good use of and not allow to slip through our fingers.
I am left with a few questions.
Chapter 4 is sound, except for 10 db, which is excellent.
It appears that the re-certification or shifting of aircraft between categories has been regulated.
That is now ruled out, if I understand you correctly.
I welcome this.
We must at least ensure that it is impossible to make changes for the worse at any airport.
The situation must not be worse than it is at present at any airport.
But my question is, then, whether the agreements for classifying airports apply worldwide?
Who lays down the standards?
Does the European Union have a say in this?
Can we be stricter?
How do we go about this?
What is happening about competition between airports?
When we discussed Mrs Lucas' report, we then stated that competition was one of the key points.
Competition between airports at the expense of those living near airports and the environment is unacceptable.
Do you know yet how we will tackle this in the Union?
What will be the role of the local authorities?
You stated that that would be done via the Planning department, but that is typically a local power.
So how will you tackle this?
As you can see, I have quite a few questions.
Then there is the phase-out.
If I have understood correctly, we have not yet accomplished this, and airport classification should help solve that problem.
Should we not be somewhat more ambitious and introduce new aircraft onto the market more quickly?
What is the state of play on a uniform method of measuring noise?
I also have a question on air pollution.
You have said very little on this matter.
What is stipulated in the air pollution agreement?
One final question: what is happening with the directive on hushkits?
Is it being repealed?
Will you be making a proposal to revoke it, or will we simply retain it?
Have the Americans commented on this at all?
Does it or does it not form part of the package?
I am still left with a few questions, but I believe we are on the right track.
I hope that we can in any case find a solution in September.
Mr President, I very much appreciate the Commissioner's statement.
I believe we are all agreed that the forthcoming ICAO general assembly meeting is going to be a key one as far as aviation and environment are concerned.
As Mr Sterckx has said, I was the rapporteur for Parliament's response to the Commission's proposals on air transport and the environment last year.
You may recall that Parliament put a very strong emphasis on the need for a positive outcome from this ICAO meeting.
Let us recall just two key points of the context of those discussions.
First, air transport is growing at a phenomenal rate, with global passenger numbers due to double in less than 20 years' time.
Secondly, the current policy framework artificially subsidises aviation and therefore stimulates this growth still further.
Aviation fuel is not taxed, it is not subject to VAT and it is not covered by the Kyoto Protocol.
So what does Parliament expect from this ICAO meeting?
On noise reduction: at the Cape Working Group meetings over the past few weeks and months the EU has proposed phasing out Chapter 3 planes and upgrading Chapter 4.
That is a minimum requirement: to try to reach the target of noise reduction of, at best, -14 dBA, but at the very least, -10 dBA reduction at source.
If ICAO cannot do that, we will need to look at differentiation, as the Commissioner has said, in introducing operational restrictions on Chapter 3 at a number of noise-sensitive airports.
On emissions, we need concrete and efficient measures to reduce aircraft emissions, including not only voluntary measures but also emissions-related levies.
Aircraft should fulfil ambitious but feasible emission reduction targets.
If ICAO will not deliver then the EU will have to develop its own emission limits.
I very much regret that we are not able to have a Parliamentary resolution on this subject.
I believe a strong message from this Parliament could have strengthened the negotiating hand of the Council and Commission at ICAO.
Mr President, it is true that we need an international breakthrough in terms of the ICAO.
If we accomplish this breakthrough, I will be the first to extend my best wishes to Mrs de Palacio in this connection.
We must introduce modern, quiet aircraft which meet stricter noise standards, phase out noisy aircraft and, needless to say, reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
I wish the Commissioner great success in the negotiations.
Mr President, I very much appreciated the Commissioner's speech. She showed clear conviction and also a certain amount of grit and determination in such a sensitive matter as this.
Of course, it is not possible in the three minutes available to me to analyse the entire issue, so I will focus on just a few points.
Firstly: the improvement of aircraft.
With regard to the issue of competition between airports, it is undoubtedly necessary to give responsibility to local authorities as well.
Obviously, if there is little movement during the day, a small increase in noise levels could be acceptable in view of the almost ridiculously small number of planes passing through.
Therefore, it does not seem appropriate to complain about subsidies to the air transport industry.
Finally, I hope that, at the ICAO, the European Union will be able to achieve the goals and results that the Commissioner has set herself, irrespective of Parliament's resolutions.
Commissioner, please allow me firstly to begin more or less at the end: I wish you all the luck in the world at the next ICAO Assembly.
Please count on the support and backing of Parliament, and we hope that the European Union' s objectives on this issue are achieved.
We must achieve some concrete and quantifiable objectives.
And we must also achieve a timetable which makes realistic demands.
A second problem which I believe to be of concern is that of gas emissions.
I believe that we need sensible, concrete and totally efficient measures which will genuinely improve the environment and the quality of life.
The Sabena disaster just goes to show how thousands of jobs can be hit within the shortest period of time.
Finally, the costs that have to be borne by airline companies are also a decisive factor affecting ticket prices.
Ticket prices are very important for social, but not exclusively social, reasons.
The crucial problem when it comes to noise is congestion.
When we fly out of Brussels, we often see five, ten or fifteen aircraft queuing on the runway, waiting for permission to take off.
However, the basic and further training of personnel is also crucial, and not only in the control tower and on the aircraft.
If consideration were to be given to providing special training, specifically from the noise and environmental viewpoints, a very great deal could be achieved in this area.
Finally, it is also a question of infrastructure.
We are all aware of the problems with Eurocontrol, and enough is known about the difficulties of dividing air space efficiently between civil and military aircraft.
My final point is that the Sixth Framework Programme for Research and Development is currently being drawn up.
I consider it necessary to press very hard for a solution for the traffic sector in particular.
In this area, we need new approaches in the Sixth Framework Programme.
We know that congestion will be one of the main themes of the next few years.
I believe we need intelligent solutions that will help us guarantee the mobility of the population and, at the same time, get on top of the problems.
Mr President, I should like to apologise for coming in late; this debate has proceeded rather quickly but I have listened to what the Commissioner said elsewhere.
What she said did not appear very clear or precise at all in terms of the situation as it stands.
I find that disappointing.
We gave you a brief in March 2000.
We expect you to stick to the brief or to come back and tell us something different.
We need to know what progress you have made with that brief.
We need to know what you are doing about it.
We need to know what progress has been made on noise emissions, gaseous emissions, and indeed on fuel economy.
Successful negotiation requires preparation and hard work.
We need to know that is being done and we need to hear from you that it is being done.
The projected growth of air traffic demands is clearly an issue that requires action now.
We need you to stick to your brief.
We will be watching very closely.
Let us hope that you can say something further at the end of the debate that will reassure me.
Mr President, if I could echo other colleagues from all parties and indeed national groups who have said that the time for talking is now perilously short.
There is a belief still that the endless expansion of air traffic is an unmitigated good, that everyone gains from it.
They do not.
There are social limits to growth and to how much we can enjoy even something as life expanding and enhancing as travel.
But Europe as a whole suffers problems, particularly those who live around airports who suffer not only noise pollution, but also aircraft emission pollution with consequences for the environment.
We must see the beginning of change.
In the East Midlands of the United Kingdom, where I live, a number of small new airports are coming into being.
Many of them are desperate to compete with 'through-the-night' traffic.
This means air traffic using older aircraft, which are going to stagger on for another few years, if they are allowed to, with few controls on how they operate.
Obviously, that is something on which the Member States can act.
Unless there is a framework for taking older aircraft out of service, we will never have the degree of control we need.
I join with other colleagues who have spoken.
This House does not want the Commissioner to fail, we want her to succeed.
If we are telling her so rather bluntly, it is in a friendly spirit.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let us agree on one first thing: airports are a source of wealth and development.
Otherwise, I wonder how you got here if you did not fly.
This is clear: airports are necessary.
We have to see things fairly.
The second issue is that of the responsibilities of the local authorities.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a question of subsidiarity.
Each country has its own rules and I am not going to tell the countries what they have to do on this issue.
The third issue concerns the hushkits regulation, which was introduced and adopted in 1998 by Parliament together with the Council, unanimously.
Furthermore, to do so in a way which does not lead us to controversy and international dispute as has been the case with the current regulation.
Of course, the Commission, the Community as such, is not part of the International Civil Aviation Organisation but rather it is the Member States who are members.
We have a kind of secondary position in one corner.
That is the current situation.
We will have to wait and see the result.
There is another issue, highlighted by Mr Sterckx, Mrs Lucas and others as well such as Mr Blokland and Mr Hatzidakis and that is the renewal of the fleets.
There are two different aspects to this.
Firstly, thanks to our regulation, we have managed to move things ahead within the ICAO.
That is why I said before that we have already achieved positive results.
There is going to be a Chapter 4 with a reduction of 10 decibels.
There is not going to be an agreement on phasing-out because, until Chapter 4 enters into force, it cannot take place, as happened before with Chapters 2 and 3.
That is to say that it will be at the 2004 assembly, surely, when we can agree dates for abandoning the Chapter 3 aircraft.
We have agreed that the methodologies and evaluation systems for a reclassification of aircraft are a key issue.
That is the origin of our complaint about hushkits.
Of course, I am going to defend the positions of the 15 countries of the European Union.
This pressure came from various countries, delegations of countries and also various representatives in this House.
I do not want to find myself in that kind of situation again, because it was clearly me who was taking the strain.
A further two issues have been referred to: the issue of competition between airports, the noisiest ones and the quietest ones.
The intermediate solution which we are negotiating with them is a geographical framework with a maximum of 3 or 4 levels of sensitivity.
A situation without special limitations and another two or three levels of specific operational restrictions.
It has been pointed out by one speaker that air transport has its limits.
Ladies and gentlemen, everything has its limits.
We all know that airspace is limited, capacities are limited, but I believe that, as things stand, we have not yet reached that point.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
(The sitting was closed at 7.59 p.m.)
European Council meeting of 15-16 June 2001 in Gteborg - Swedish presidency
The next item is the joint debate on:
the European Council report and Commission statement on the European Council meeting of 15 and 16 June 2001 in Gteborg and
the statement by the President-in-Office of the Council, summing up the Swedish presidency.
It is my pleasure to give the floor to the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Persson.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to express my surprise that the President of the European Commission is not here today.
This is a debate about the Swedish presidency, about an important summit, and I really am amazed.
This comment is not aimed at you, Commissioner Wallstrm, I respect you personally and I respect your work.
However, it is not acceptable for the President of the Commission to be represented by a Member of the Commission from the country currently holding the presidency.
This is not just some kind of Swedish project, we are discussing the future of Europe.
In future I expect to see the President of the European Commission here in plenary when such important matters are being discussed.
I would first like to make a positive comment and then a critical one.
This has been accepted by this House, by the Commission and by the European Council in Nice, and you are now saying this in an even more specific way.
I realise that there has been strong opposition to this.
However, you have been successful, and we are also grateful that a broad majority of the Swedish people is in favour of enlargement.
(Applause from the centre and right)
I wish that for you and for all of us, because we are a Community.
A decision by Sweden in favour of the euro is also part of this.
(Applause from the centre and right)
But now for a critical comment.
There were some tragic disturbances in Gteborg, but I do not want to judge the police's handling of the security arrangements, because I know far too little about that.
However, I would like to comment on what you, Mr President-in-Office, said on Swedish television on 17 June.
My colleague Gunilla Carlsson, the chair of the Swedish delegation in our group, has already said something about this.
You spoke about Fascist forces.
You could see portraits of Che Guevara and of Fidel Castro, so you cannot just say that Fascists were involved.
We would have expected you to be just as critical of those left-wing revolutionaries who use force as we are against those on the right who resort to violence.
Europe and our legal system are too important for us to turn a blind eye.
(Applause)
Mr President-in-Office, let me make one more observation.
You have made great efforts to achieve transparency, indeed that is one of the hallmarks of Sweden, and we have made a little progress as regards publishing documents.
You can take some credit for that, but not all of it.
For example, our colleague and your fellow citizen, Charlotte Cederschild, has helped a lot in ensuring that we have achieved greater transparency in this regard.
We should continue to follow this path.
We also want greater cooperation with the Council of Ministers and a greater presence here in the European Parliament.
There were also some critical comments about this at the beginning, but they did not relate to Sweden, but rather to the Council of Ministers.
However, I believe that we can build on your work.
My final comment is about a positive signal: you invited the President of the Russian Federation, Mr Putin, and the American President, George Bush, to the Gteborg Summit.
Mr President-in-Office, it is not for me to award marks, but one Swedish newspaper asked me a few weeks ago what mark I would give if I were.
If the next Swedish presidency refrains from scoring veiled party political points and genuinely focuses on Europe's interests, it might deserve "very good".
I say that on behalf of all of us. I wish Sweden a positive future in Europe.
(Applause)
I wish to point out that we greatly appreciate his government' s desire to update our relations on issues as important as codecision and Council' s presence in Parliament.
I also hope, of course, that this experience will have helped imbue the Swedish people with a greater sense of affection for the European cause.
Another fundamental issue, that of enlargement, was also an area the Swedish presidency focussed on.
I should like to thank Mr Poettering, who expressed his support for a proposal that was originally put forward by my colleague, the vice-chairman of our Group, Mr Hnsch.
The proposal was not the exclusive property of the PPE-DE Group; it could be said that it came from Parliament as a whole.
With regard to external policy, Sweden maintained its internationalist approach.
In Macedonia too, we are sharing the burden with the Americans - which I think they are beginning to appreciate - and are playing a leading role.
It must be said, first of all, that we fully respect people' s right to demonstrate; this is a citizen' s fundamental right.
Many people demonstrated peacefully in Nice and in Gteborg.
This is, of course, to be welcomed and appreciated, because it means that Europe' s citizens are beginning to take an interest in what we do.
I wish to point out to Mr Poettering, that the problem is not whether these people are of the fascist or the antifascist persuasion.
The dividing line is between democrats and antidemocrats and we must remember that extremes clash, in politics too.
There is no need, then, to discuss whether the demonstrations are fascistic or not.
What is crystal clear is that these are people who are acting violently and with scorn for the institutions and for freedom.
I feel that given this scenario, we democrats must present a united front.
It is not that some of us feel more affected than others about what has happened. We have to adopt a very firm attitude on this.
My final observation, Madam President, concerns the debate on the future of Europe.
You have not managed to include the convention, but I hope that you will continue striving to ensure that we do so under the Belgian presidency.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, I should like to begin by congratulating the Prime Minister and his colleagues on a successful presidency.
It has been a first presidency for Sweden, and I believe both your government and state can feel a justifiable pride in a job well done.
It has shone through the presidency, not just since Gteborg, but as an appetite to achieve right from the beginning.
That determination has been handsomely rewarded.
I know it was a delicate issue. But perhaps the shock Irish referendum result helped the politics of clarification, which I welcome.
It is a very important message to the applicant states to say that we want to resolve this issue as soon as we can.
I congratulate you on it.
I would urge the Belgian presidency and those that follow to maintain that pace, focus and commitment.
You are right, Mr Prime Minister, that we have now got to do some of our homework as well.
Not all the transitional issues are just for the applicants, particularly in agriculture, regional policy and cohesion policy.
Now we have to start biting some bullets; we have to start focusing on the issues.
I hope that the Irish referendum will not get in the way of this process.
We have until the end of 2002 for Nice to be ratified.
It is a matter for the Irish administration to decide how to proceed.
But in the interim this should not be used as a reason for taking our foot off the accelerator on this important issue.
On a matter which has drawn a number of comments, my group fully supports, recognises and celebrates the rights of citizens in a free society to demonstrate.
But clearly there were, in Gteborg, anarchic groups whose essential, primary purpose was to undermine democracy itself.
For the large majority the issue was peaceful and proper demonstration.
My group would like to extend its sympathy to the citizens of Gteborg on a very difficult moment in a wonderful host city.
I have one or two other brief comments.
On Macedonia, the presidency, along with Commissioner Patten, Mrs Lindh and Javier Solana have proved the value of developing an embryonic common foreign and security policy.
The peace remains delicate.
That is not just European progress but a measure of significant progress on the ground.
Finally, regarding company law on mergers and takeovers, the presidency has done a wonderful job in fashioning a difficult compromise.
I would appeal to Members of this House not to pull the plug on an important measure of economic reform.
Madam President, I want to begin by thanking the Swedish presidency for showing great respect for the European Parliament and a desire to engage in dialogue with us.
Its presence, both here in the Chamber and in the committees, has been very notable and much appreciated.
Dialogue, transparency and participation are the prerequisites of a functioning democracy.
In Gteborg, there was an attempt at dialogue between politicians, demonstrators and a variety of organisations.
Unfortunately, a small clique of agents provocateurs also caused violence and disturbances.
That may well be felt to be very regrettable.
It is also unacceptable that the police should have used live ammunition against the agents provocateurs.
An investigation has now been set up to look into how that could be possible in Sweden today.
I am also disappointed at the way in which EU leaders appear to react to the frustration felt at developments in the EU.
I also think that no account at all has been taken of the result of the Irish referendum.
Instead, an attempt is being made to turn this into an Irish problem, while it is in actual fact, of course, a problem for the whole of the EU.
I really do not understand this reluctance to open up the EU and to enter into a dialogue with people and with civil society.
What does the Swedish presidency intend to do in the future to get its colleagues on board and make them understand that this is crucial?
Where the three 'E' s were concerned, it was probably on the issue of enlargement that some real fighting spirit was shown and that something was successfully achieved.
I cannot emphasise enough how pleased I am that there is now a fixed timetable for the accession procedure.
However, I do not know how much energy was put into the issue of sustainable development.
In any case, the results were poor in comparison with what might have been expected, for it was a good proposal that the Commission had tabled.
EU leaders must assume a global responsibility too.
That is something I believe is demanded by the rest of the world and by the people of Europe
Madam President, Sweden is sometimes described as a well organised but not particularly exciting country.
That is a picture which fits in quite well with Sweden' s six-month presidency of the EU.
From an organisational point of view, the presidency has operated well.
Swedish diplomats have worked assiduously at cobbling together various compromises.
From a political point of view, it has had a low profile.
Everything has been done to show that Sweden is a loyal EU member - loyal both to the EU system and towards the large countries that dominate the European Union.
This became most obvious of all when the Irish voted against the Treaty of Nice.
The Treaty of Nice was to remain in place.
This is, in practice, an attack on every small country' s right to prevent changes to the Treaty if it wishes to do so.
Sometimes, compromises have been made at any price.
The new rules concerning access to documents were so weak that journalists' organisations in Europe thought that the current rules were better.
In the run-up to the presidency, Sweden prioritised enlargement, employment and environmental issues.
The presidency has worked hard on enlargement.
The pace has been maintained in the negotiations governing how the candidate countries are to be brought into line with the EU' s regulations.
This was important if enlargement was not to be delayed.
The EU' s policy of increased employment is often singled out as a 'left-wing project' designed to counteract the right-wing policy of the currency union.
The issue was discussed at the Stockholm Summit, but the only practical decision remembered from that occasion was a decision concerning the deregulation of the financial market.
That is not much in the way of left-wing policy.
In the environmental area, the presidency has had some bad luck.
Work on the most important environmental problem - the climate issue - was effectively sabotaged by the new president of the United States.
In some areas, the presidency has had great success.
In addition to the enlargement negotiations, the decision to remove duties for the poorest countries of all is a clear step forwards.
Sweden has loyally done further work on the militarisation of the EU and thus, in practice, in favour of the abolition of Sweden' s policy of neutrality.
This area is a real blot on the Swedish presidency' s copybook.
At the start of the presidency, Mr Persson stood here and talked of a refugee policy characterised by solidarity.
We can only regret that, since then, the government has, in practice, taken the opposite line.
Finally, a few words about Gteborg, where small militant groups took the opportunity to attack the police and cause extensive damage.
Irrespective of what these groups purport to stand for, this is behaviour that can never be defended.
Throwing stones and causing damage is not politics but criminal behaviour.
What 50 000 people do is, in actual fact, more important than what 300 perpetrators of violence get up to.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, we spoke a great deal at Gteborg about sustainable development, a fashionable, but woolly concept if there ever was one.
There is no doubt that we must praise the Member States' determination to introduce concerns about public health and the environment into all the policies imposed by Brussels.
It certainly is high time to do so, following mad cow disease and the foot-and-mouth epidemic.
On the other hand, the determination to present the Kyoto Protocol and the forthcoming global pact as a panacea is absolute tomfoolery.
Neither China nor India will be taking part, because they gain from development, growth and industrialisation.
The US is taking a similar approach, at a time when growth is slowing down against a background of increased international competition.
My second point is that you do not voice any criticism to condemn the violent demonstrations that rocked the summit.
It is a shame that these tones of indignation are forgotten when it comes to condemning the violence and insecurity that affect millions of our citizens on a daily basis.
The governments of Europe particularly the French government are not even capable of protecting their own people.
Lastly, it is scandalous that the totalitarian instincts of the European institutions do not offend anyone.
Only here could we want to systematically force people back to the ballot box when the result of a vote is not the desired outcome.
In 1992, Denmark gave in under threat but Austria quite rightly refused to do so.
The Irish people must resist - their 'no' vote, de jure and de facto, has sounded the death knell of the Treaty of Nice.
All the people who have not been consulted and who will not be consulted due to a fear of them voting against are lending them their solidarity.
Madam President, Prime Minister, all credit to Mr Persson and Sweden for a competent presidency.
I asked for the minutes of the meetings on transparency.
This is an area in which Sweden has committed an historic betrayal.
Sweden has also violated the Treaty by introducing qualified majority voting as a method of taking decisions on future changes to the rules governing confidentiality.
Before the unlawful adoption of this method on 19 March, measures constituting progress could be adopted by 8 of the 15 countries.
That alone is difficult enough.
Progress can now be blocked by France, Germany and Spain, even if we can convince all the other 12 countries that progress is what is at issue.
Parliament is now bringing legal proceedings against the Council.
It is embarrassing for a Swedish presidency to stand accused of a Treaty violation in connection with transparency.
I also want to criticise the police action in Gteborg.
Hooded demonstrators threw paving stones at the police and smashed up shops without being caught.
Instead, peaceful demonstrators were taken into custody when they arrived at the ferry port.
They were not allowed to take part in the peaceful demonstrations.
This is something from which we must learn.
Enter into dialogue with the peaceful demonstrators who use arguments.
Tell the men of violence that throwing a paving stone at someone else' s window may be interpreted as attempted murder.
We who wish to demonstrate peacefully must also learn from the battles.
People with hoods on must be expelled from demonstrations.
It must never be possible to confuse peaceful demonstrators with criminals.
There are no excuses for violence, but there are grounds for consideration and reflection.
Why have so many young people given up hope of being able to affect decisions by using arguments?
Why do the media give more coverage to people with paving stones than to people with arguments?
Why, in general, have no European media covered the many serious debates arranged in connection with the Gteborg Summit?
Madam President, Prime Minister, Sweden has held the presidency of the Union for the first time.
As an Austrian, I know that it is by no means an easy task.
The objectives were ambitious.
The presidency concentrated on a few priorities, in line with the maxim "less is more".
Above all, some important progress has been made towards enlargement of the Union.
Some agreement has been reached in the chapters on freedom of movement of persons and freedom to provide services, and I would like to offer my congratulations on that success.
However, there is one point on which I cannot agree with the commentators in the newspapers.
I do not seriously think you can say that establishing concrete data for accession is a great triumph.
There are a great many questions that remain to be resolved.
Following the Irish referendum, the process of ratifying the Treaty of Nice has become uncertain.
The question of whether Nice is a sine qua non for enlargement has been the subject of some debate.
One objective of the Gteborg Summit was to work out a strategy for sustainable development.
I see the Council's commitment to shift transport to rail and to encourage the full internalisation of external costs as an important clarification of this.
The Community will soon have a chance to match its words with deeds.
The forthcoming negotiations regarding the expiry of the transit agreement with Austria will provide a good opportunity in this respect.
The advantages and benefits to people of cooperation were pushed into the background, while violence and hooliganism came to dominate the reports from the meeting.
The Swedish presidency ought instead to be remembered for the efforts made regarding enlargement.
Securing European freedom and democracy and extending it to include former Communist-occupied Eastern and Central Europe is the absolutely most important task of European cooperation.
Hand in hand with this goes a growing debate in which the major issues for the future of European cooperation are presented.
Sometimes, the talk is more of how the decision-making processes are to be organised than of what we are to cooperate on and what the EU must not meddle in.
I believe that we all too often talk above people' s heads and at a far remove from their everyday lives.
Ireland' s 'no' to the Treaty of Nice is a lesson for us all and a worry not only for the Irish government.
The debate concerning the EU' s future must be conducted in more fundamental and more principled terms.
What we say and do here is therefore of less importance than our engaging in greater discussion in our constituencies.
In my own country, if I may take it as an example, it is important now to make the most of the interest aroused by the presidency.
As the prime minister also mentioned, there now exists the opportunity to conduct a debate on the future of Europe that engages people' s interest.
This means that Sweden must now also tackle the issue of the euro.
In other countries, there are other issues which must be brought into focus.
I think it is important for Europhiles to stand up for a Europe which is more open to the surrounding world and in which free markets prevail.
In a number of Member States, Europhiles should take greater responsibility for the fact that enlargement is now becoming a reality.
The fact that this did not happen with greater enthusiasm and greater courage is not, in the first place, the fault of the Swedish presidency.
It was others who were putting the brakes on.
Let us ensure that these practical achievements loom larger than the stone-throwing and hooliganism on the part of the left-wing extremists.
Let us all work together to ensure that the parliament of the street does not win out.
They set their seal of approval on the presidency, and a large headline read, 'Passed with great credit' .
I should like to say the same.
The Swedish presidency had three important and major ambitions.
There has been a great deal of talk about enlargement.
There is no doubt that this issue was handled very well.
When it comes to employment, the achievement was not perhaps so outstanding.
The examples of deregulation were definitely not so outstanding, for many on the right were disappointed that these were insufficient.
It was a question of passing on the baton in the important process concerning jobs and growth.
A number of new objectives were set.
For example, the subjects of family policy and the older labour force were addressed.
Only a small part of the latter is currently present in the labour market, and that is something that needs to be changed for the future.
When it comes to sustainable development, there are two possible perspectives.
The first involves a comparison with the Commission' s document and, clearly, not everything from that perspective was achieved.
The second perspective is in relation to the current situation.
Clear, unambiguous improvements have been made, and the most important thing is that the environmental issues have been introduced into the Lisbon process.
What is the problem today as far as these environmental issues are concerned?
Well, the problem is that they are sidelined and that they always come last.
They are now to be considered jointly with economic and social policy each year as part of an ongoing process.
That, if anything, is a success.
I also want to say something about global responsibility.
The policies on transport, agriculture and fisheries were singled out.
I would also mention transparency, consultation and the provision of information and, in particular, foreign and security policy.
If Swedish opinion polls are to be believed, there is an incredible amount of support regarding this issue.
Turning now to the debate about the future.
Should there be a convention?
Yes, but a convention is not enough.
We must broaden the debate so that it extends beyond a convention and is conducted with civil society.
If we are to conduct the debate with civil society, we must do what Prime Minister Persson said.
In that way, the institutional issues come last.
Turning next to Ireland.
We must respect Ireland, but we must also respect the other Member States.
There are those who say that we should now call it a day.
Should not the Swedish parliament or the other parliaments be allowed to discuss the Treaty of Nice?
What kind of view of democracy is it that says that we should pack it in for the moment because the Irish people said no?
Are not the other nations presumably also entitled to discuss the issue either in their parliaments or in the particular way they have chosen to?
We shall then be able to see what the final result is in 2002, and it will be up to the Irish people to assess the situation at that time.
Finally, a word about the riots.
I fully and firmly support what Mr Barn Crespo said.
We must draw a distinction between the small number of people who throw stones and those who wish to express a view about continued work within the EU.
We must provide the stimulus for a debate with civil society, but we must be tough with those whose only argument is a stone in the hand.
I feel that, for the first time, many Europeans are aware that there will be representatives from 25 European countries in this House in just three years time.
We are the primary example of a supranational power which is still growing, and this, Madam President, must be stressed: this is Europe's contribution to the future of world government.
Many Europeans, including those who voted against the motion in the Irish referendum, are calling for us to reduce the excessive amount of regulations.
Basically, they are demanding that Europe deal more effectively with its strategic priorities and stop wasting so much time on matters of minor importance.
They want to take part in a real public debate.
The post-Nice process and the Convention are crucial in ensuring that genuine democratic reform can be achieved and that European citizens can play a part in that.
We welcome the commitment that was made in Gteborg to move ahead with accession negotiations so that the newest Member States can take part in the 2004 elections.
Sustainable development is about people: their economic and social needs as well as environmental conservation.
Putting this into practice has huge implications.
We cannot go on plundering our natural resources and then look to science and technology to try and mend the damage.
We need a new approach.
Mr Persson referred to the importance of establishing the processes.
Gteborg did not provide the next major step in practical terms, after the Cardiff process, but the important link is there and the strategy can be built upon.
Hopefully we will see this happen and will see progress in the spring summits from now on.
This is essential if the EU is to make a major contribution to the Rio+10 world summit in 2002.
Another welcome decision at Gteborg was the plan to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, even without the USA, before the Rio+10 conference.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, the images from Gteborg were alarming.
Vandalism, a blind destructive frenzy and criminal violence, all of which should be condemned, and my Group most certainly does condemn them.
We must never allow anything like this to happen again.
The Swedish presidency in particular has made great efforts in this direction.
It has made an effort to tackle the problem of the democratic deficit in Europe, and we really must recognise that.
Unfortunately, the results have been somewhat disappointing.
However, that cannot be laid at the door of the Swedish government alone - all governments have to be held to account here.
When it comes to a public debate on the future of Europe, that debate should be a wide-ranging one.
It needs to be purposeful and result-oriented. Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, you know that we in this House want a convention to prepare the next intergovernmental conference.
We have done some preliminary work here, and it will now be the job of the Belgian presidency to initiate this convention before Laeken.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, it is by some strange turn of events that the latest protests, a new phenomenon at European summits, reached their climax at Gteborg.
In any case, "Well done" to the Swedish presidency for its achievements with regard to both climate change and the Court.
The Swedish presidency will be remembered for this violence and this contempt, the contempt with which European leaders have treated the result of the referendum in Ireland.
This is an error of legal, political and moral judgment.
In any case, I shall not go back to this point because, again from a legal point of view, no one has since contradicted what Mr Prodi said.
Do they wish to combine the super state, European enlargement and the Treaty of Nice, therefore, at the risk of causing all these projects to fail together?
The final balance is very positive.
I also welcome the support that you continue to pledge with regard to the Belgian presidency.
Perhaps you will allow me to draw your attention once more to a few elements.
First of all enlargement.
It is therefore of the utmost importance to ensure that the European Union is ready on time.
But it is also important to prepare our own public opinion for future events.
That is not only necessary in Central and Eastern Europe, but also in the European Union, as we have witnessed during the Irish referendum.
On that score, our message to Mr Putin should be crystal clear.
Finally, the energy policy was a minor failure on the part of the Swedish presidency.
It is extremely regrettable that the French/German axis has caused the derailment of the liberalisation process within the European energy market.
This appears to me to be a major task for the Belgian presidency.
Mr President, stones are neither left nor right wing, they are simply anti-democratic.
I would like to say a few words on Europe' s underlying rationale and on a matter that our citizens understand very well, namely foreign policy.
Citizens realise that Europe was, in itself, probably the most successful conflict prevention project of the last century, and they also realise that Europe can contribute towards peace and stability.
And that was also the case with regard to possibly the most sensitive and most complex problem for Europe, FYROM/Macedonia.
We could, of course, invest enormous amounts in technologies in the hope that that would provide us with a safety shield, as it were.
I do not deny the fact that we need new technological developments, but this American initiative is not the right way forward.
In that way, we can prevent those dozens of conflicts which are taking place at the moment from continuing to spread.
This form of thinking in terms of foreign policy is a new security concept.
In my opinion, the Swedes have helped shape that new security concept in Europe.
This is a European value which, I believe, is appropriate and which suits us very well.
I should like to thank you for this.
Mr President, Commissioner, Prime Minister, the Swedish presidency also deserves praise from those of your opponents in Sweden who are usually niggardly with their compliments.
If it is now permissible to say so, I have often felt both joy and pride during these last six months.
Nonetheless, I have a substantial objection regarding the decision in favour of transporter' s liability, with large fines for those who do not comply with the EU' s rules.
In practice, this means that the responsibility of local authorities for those who come to the European Union seeking asylum is to be taken over by airline employees.
That is unacceptable.
Transporter' s liability as conceived by the EU is neither humane nor generous. Quite the contrary.
You have had the foresight, Prime Minister, to give Raoul Wallenberg the place he deserves in history.
May we never betray his memory.
Mr President, allow me to turn my attention to the European Council conclusions in Gteborg and particularly the situation in the Middle East.
I believe that that attention is justified.
The headline of today' s Neue Zrcher Zeitung, which reads: "Gewalt statt Waffenruhe im Nahen Osten" [violence instead of a cease-fire in the Middle East], illustrates this.
The end of the Palestinian intifada (uprising) is not yet in sight.
At the same time, the tension between Israel and Syria is again rising dangerously.
There is therefore no chance of a return to the so-called peace process in the Middle East, despite all recent diplomatic efforts on the part of America and Europe.
What are the options left to those mediating parties?
The conclusions of the European Council in Gteborg do not really address this cardinal issue.
They excel in wishful thinking.
Upbeat terms such as "cooling-off period" and "additional trust-building measures" are supposed to ward off the deep-rooted violence.
Should the United States and the European Union therefore leave Israel and the Palestinian Authority to their own devices?
Not at all!
What is important is that both mediating parties are aware of their diplomatic and military powers.
The High Representative, Mr Solana, has broached the subject of essential distribution of roles.
Without beating about the bush, he recognises, in his Middle East reports at the Gteborg Summit, the United States' s key position in the required resumption of the peace process.
This sincere statement causes the High Representative to underline the importance of permanent, mutual consultation, thus making 'our efforts complementary' .
It is precisely this objective that requires balanced, European action in the region.
That is why I would ask the Council and Commission to inform me of the specific conditions they attach to the considerable support they lend to the Palestinian Authority.
Surely, at this moment in time, adequate control of violence must be the primary condition.
For precisely that condition will help break the present deadlock in the Middle East.
Mr President, to many observers, what happened outside the Gteborg Summit appeared to be of greater importance than what took place inside.
I am referring, of course, to the violence displayed by the demonstrators and to relations with the United States.
In the interest of everyone, Mr President, globalisation must be a ship that has more crew members and fewer shipwrecks.
With regard to internal issues, we must make a clear distinction between promises and the reality of the situation.
Unfortunately, not all of the Council were able to achieve the progress on environmental issues that the work put in by the presidency merited.
Sustainable development is an important step in taking the environment into account in European policy.
The European Council in Gteborg was generous in response to our predicament and I welcome its willingness to help the Irish Government find a way forward.
I regret that it is not going to be easy.
However, my major concern arises because of the existence of a strong eurosceptic core at the heart of the Irish government.
I hope that the ratification of the Nice Treaty proceeds successfully, and that when we revisit the issue in Ireland, we will have a different result.
Mr President, I, too, would like to congratulate the Swedish presidency on a very successful first presidency of the Union.
Notwithstanding that a handful of extremist demonstrators tried to spoil it in Gteborg, we will ultimately look back on solid achievements under your presidency of the Council.
I say the words "presidency of the Council" advisedly because it is not, of course, the presidency of the Union.
Every institution has its own president.
We have Mrs Fontaine, the Commission has Mr Prodi, the Council has a Member State government by rotation.
Expectations are raised too high.
That is why there are sometimes disappointments at the end of the presidency.
That means that this Parliament will have at least 732 Members, possibly more.
That is going to cause huge administrative and financial problems for this Parliament.
None of this is of course the fault of the Swedish presidency.
On the contrary, the acceleration of the enlargement negotiations should help in that respect.
But it is something that all Member States, and all of us, should bear in mind as we move to the Convention to prepare the next Intergovernmental Conference.
Mr President, I wish to begin by congratulating the Swedish presidency on being very successful.
I am particularly pleased that the presidency succeeded in putting sustainable development at the core of European politics.
It is important to bear in mind that economic integration and getting the economy of Europe right is important.
It is equally important to bear in mind that there cannot be economic development in a modern economy without a strong social dimension.
I would argue that sustainable development and employment are part and parcel of the social dimension of the European Union.
I also wish to congratulate the Swedish presidency on putting the notion of conflict prevention on the agenda in a much stronger way than up to now.
Given the traditions of the Swedish people, this is obviously an area very close to their hearts.
I am pleased that the presidency has been a success and that these issues have been put on the agenda.
It is now up to us in this Parliament and future presidencies to develop them further.
Mr President, I can only endorse the conclusions of the final Gteborg document.
Therefore, some positions might be subject to pressure which is due more to electoral positions than overall European positions.
In our opinion, the European Parliament must have the extremely important role of redressing the balance.
Mr President, the European Council at Gteborg took two conflicting decisions.
On the one hand, it confirmed the timetable for enlargement, as the European Parliament hoped it would, by moving the goal to complete negotiations forward to the end of 2002.
This is wonderful news!
On the other hand, at the same time, the Heads of State and Government decided to disregard the implications of the Irish 'no' vote at the latest referendum.
Yet, this 'no' vote casts major doubts over the timetable for ratification, and perhaps even as to whether ratification will be achieved.
We also need the new leaders to find persuasive arguments to convince the Irish people to change their minds.
Those telling us today that this will be a mere formality are the same people who were burying their heads in the sand before the recent referendum.
That is what Mr Prodi attempted to say and he was made to keep quiet.
The policy of burying one' s head in the sand is not the right strategy to follow.
Institutional reform still has to be carried out, whether or not we have the Treaty of Nice.
The European Parliament believes that the reform can only form part of a constitutional approach.
If the Treaty of Nice is finally ratified by the autumn of 2002, there will still be time to support it.
If it is not ratified, enlargement can still go ahead.
Mr President, I want to begin by congratulating Mr Persson on what has, in many ways, been a successful presidency.
I only have a short time in which to speak, so allow me to address two issues concerning which the results have unfortunately, in my view, been relatively poor.
One area in which more ought to have been achieved is, of course, the European Union' s sustainable development strategy.
The result from Gteborg was, in the main, a framework decision with extremely little content.
I note with satisfaction that the prime minister particularly mentioned relations with the Third World, which are naturally a very important part of the work on sustainability.
We cannot bring about sustainable development without adopting a global approach from the beginning.
I think, however, that the results have been poorest when it comes to the debate on the future.
I believe that things have, in a way, been made too easy for those who follow.
I have heard more from Belgium on this issue, before the country takes over the presidency, than I have heard from Sweden.
It is just as incomprehensible that important legislative initiatives like the creation of a single European sky are already blocked within the Commission.
It is a job for the top man, but in this case the top men have failed on two counts.
I do hope at least that the minutes of the Gteborg Summit are factually correct.
I say that because the Gteborg minutes say that the Council hopes that this dispute over Gibraltar can be settled over the next few weeks.
So we are keen to see if a result will be forthcoming at least two weeks after the Swedish presidency.
Commissioner, I also have a request for the Commission, an urgent appeal in fact.
The Commission absolutely must adopt the legislative initiative on the creation of a single European sky before the summer break and forward it to the Council and Parliament.
You know just as well as we do that the ridiculous combustion of air fuel in the sky is environmentally unacceptable.
That is why we need a sensible European system to bring an end to these delays.
We look forward to seeing your proposal on this before the summer is out.
Mr President, like Mr Jarzembowski, I wish to refer to the transport issue.
These proposals are anything but fair and efficient, especially as far as road transport is concerned.
The Commission's own research shows, for example, that the per kilometre cost of running a car in the UK under infrastructure charging would increase by 97% by 2005.
Surely we have learned some lessons from the fuel price protests which brought many Member States to a standstill last autumn.
Road users are already being forced to pay through the nose to subsidise other forms of transport, in particular the United Kingdom, and the Commission's proposals will only aggravate this.
Charging people off the road will not encourage the general public to change their travel habits, it will merely provoke widespread dissent and anger.
The road user should not be the target of a witch hunt.
Member States should be free to set their own tax regimes and decide their own priorities for infrastructure charging and improvements.
Similarly, the requirement to devise national strategies and coordinate the policies of the Member States will be particularly important for countries lagging behind in this sector.
I say "might" because no specific concomitant measures on pollution management costs aimed at individuals or companies were adopted.
Likewise, the summit was clearly backwards in coming forwards in protecting public health, a sector in which there are huge risks; one need only cite mad cows and foot-and-mouth.
Just yesterday, the first confirmed case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy was reported in Greece.
So the summit clearly failed to come up to expectations and consequently I would not say that it was a landmark summit.
However, it is a starting point for moving from declarations and intentions to the application of an integrated environmental protection policy closely bound up with social and economic development.
Mr President, I witnessed the violence at Gteborg.
To me it symbolised the growing distance between the leaders and the led.
I regret that the summit came to the conclusion that it should set aside the Irish referendum result and proceed with business as usual.
The referendum in Ireland gave us an opportunity to sit back and think about the way in which Europe develops.
The purpose, apparently, of the Nice Treaty was to provide for the enlargement of the European Union to include the new democracies.
It is the paramount duty of all politicians in Europe to achieve that as soon as possible.
However, I disagree with the President of the Commission, who wrote in The Wall Street Journal last week that Nice was essential for enlargement.
Nice is not essential for enlargement.
We could, within the accession treaties, make the necessary adjustment to QMV, voting rights, the number of MEPs and so on, for each country which accedes to the European Union.
That parliamentary conference should prepare the ground for the next Intergovernmental Conference.
I would like to extend thanks to everyone who has worked hard and enthusiastically for the Swedish presidency.
The group of senior civil servants led by Under-Secretary of State Lars Danielsson should also, of course, receive particular mention in this context.
First of all, I would like to say something about the demonstrations in Gteborg: We are democrats. We support the right to demonstrate.
We are against violence. We condemn anyone who uses violence to subvert political processes.
What happened in Gteborg was that we had a wide-ranging democratic dialogue with people of different opinions to ourselves.
They must be treated very firmly by the forces of law and order, who did an excellent job in Gteborg, by the way. These militant hooligans often call themselves anti-fascists.
That is their own way of describing themselves.
I must say that I have never seen anything more fascistic than their methods of operation.
Their whole way of addressing politics is fascistic.
Their whole way of using violence is the way of fascism.
When I use the fascist label for these communists, this is in fact to show that both extremes have merged.
We have seen many examples of this before in European politics.
Perhaps we will see further examples, but never let us as democrats be pitted against one another in this context.
We must present a united front against violence, fascism and communism.
That is the lesson to be learned from Gteborg.
I am sorry that the leader of the PPE-DE Group, Mr Poettering, is not present.
It would have been valuable if he could have listened directly to these humble views from a representative of the Council.
I hope, even so, that he will be able to read these simple thoughts in the minutes.
In his elegant and well-formulated speech, Mr Cox touched on a matter to which I attach great importance, and that is the conciliation which we have achieved on company takeovers.
I would be extremely concerned if Parliament did not support the conciliation results.
This is a unique event and something which will have fundamental consequences for Parliament' s work in the future.
I therefore urge Parliament to show support, in the way described by Mr Cox, for the conciliation process that has taken place.
It is clearly difficult for them to adapt to the demands we set, but their reform process is run with energy and clear goals.
As we approach the final chapter of the negotiations, I believe that it is within the circle of the Member States that it will be most difficult to formulate positions.
In our experience during our short presidency, that is what we had to spend most time on.
Let me also say that Mr Corbett from the UK made a very good point about the character of the presidency.
It is incredibly important that those who lead the Council see their task as a continuing responsibility which means that one presidency interlocks with another.
Policy must remain stable and, if appropriate, be taken forwards.
However, the guiding principle must be the common interests of the Union, and the national aspect must therefore be pushed into the background.
This is the way we have operated.
Some have seen this as boring, but I am convinced that it is a necessary approach if the working method of a rotating presidency is to survive in the future.
I strongly support what Mr Corbett said.
Mr Wijkman regrets the lack of debate on the future of Europe during the Swedish presidency.
Let me say directly to him that I have heard this before.
What exactly have we been doing during the Swedish presidency?
Foreign policy, environmental policy, enlargement of the EU that is as much of a debate about the future as you can have.
I myself do not share this view, but believe that the debate on the future must now address what we want to achieve.
The issues are enlargement, foreign and security policy and the environment.
Let me say to Mr Bradbourn that I am grateful for his words as, from his Conservative point of view, he put his finger on an important point.
It has, of course, been said that the environmental conclusions in Gteborg should not be detailed and should not in any way be compulsory or challenging.
The criticism from Mr Bradbourn to the effect that they go too far and are too detailed shows, however, that they are exactly that.
They are detailed.
All those who criticise these conclusions for not going far enough have, in actual fact, been answered quite well and clearly by his speech.
I am grateful for Mr Bradbourn' s contribution, but I do not share his view.
That is more or less where I stand.
Let me finally say that Mr Dell' Alba brought up what may prove to be the biggest event of the six months of the Swedish presidency.
It is a consequence of a value-based approach to relations in terms of foreign policy.
It is a consequence of our promoting human rights.
The extradition of Milosevic to The Hague is a major political event and a victory for all those who believe in a foreign policy based on common values.
Thank you for such excellent cooperation during the Swedish presidency.
I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 37(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place on Wednesday.
Takeover bids
Nevertheless, I am going to stir things up a little.
I say that quite simply because we should not forget that our amendments at second reading last December have been at the heart of this debate.
We wanted to create a level playing field in Europe as regards company takeovers.
It is quite clear that the result that emerged from the Conciliation Committee did not give us what we wanted.
Parliament offered all kinds of compromises during the negotiations.
One of our offers for a compromise, one of the last that we made, was for a directive on the level playing field to come into force.
The entry into force of the duty of neutrality is to be made conditional on such a level playing field directive coming into force.
Even this, although it really seems quite self-evident, was rejected by the Council.
There was merely agreement with the idea of the Commission convening a group of experts to address this subject and then possibly develop some proposals.
I would like to know what the logic is of convening a group of experts once the directive has already been adopted.
Normally, you set up the group of experts first and then adopt a directive on the subject in question.
I am not convinced at all by the procedure being adopted here.
I believe that if we agree to this directive, we are debasing the institutional role of this House, and for that reason alone we should not agree.
Quite apart from that, there are any number of objective reasons why we cannot agree to it.
The result of this directive will be that in future protected companies will be able to take over unprotected companies.
That is the clear consequence of this.
Alternatively, let me draw a comparison between the United States and Europe. The Americans have gone in exactly the opposite direction.
They have introduced a "business judgment rule" according to which company boards can protect themselves if they wish, whereas in Europe we forbid that.
So what will the results of a decision of this kind be, if it is easier for American companies to take over European companies than the other way round?
Furthermore, the trend in America also gives the lie to much of what we have been able to read in the papers this morning.
The papers always maintain that things would degenerate into chaos or that it would have a negative impact on Europe's financial market if we suddenly rejected this directive.
The American experience suggests the opposite, they have gone down exactly the opposite path, and no one could say that America's stock market is less dynamic than Europe's.
So it is evident that these connections do not apply.
I would also like to remind you about the vital concept of location advantages.
Delaware is a state that has relatively restrictive legislation on company takeovers.
It is interesting to note that 40% of the companies quoted on the New York stock exchange are based in Delaware, rising to 60% of indexed companies.
My question to you is: why should that be?
I can only suggest that I believe these conditions to be a very important factor when companies make decisions about their location.
No one has anything against protecting shareholders.
I am a shareholder myself.
So it goes without saying of course, as a matter of logic, that like most individuals who are shareholders, I am in favour of protecting shareholders, but on equal terms.
The phrase used by Jimmy Provan, "one share - one vote", simply does not apply in Europe.
That is the key problem.
To sum up, the Swedish Prime Minister called the directive unique. I agree - in its present form, it is uniquely bad.
That is why it must be rejected.
Mr President, as chairman of Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee, may I thank all concerned who were involved in achieving a result on this directive.
I would like to thank the presidency for its work, and the European Commission and Commissioner Bolkestein in particular who acted as a facilitator.
Thanks also to all my colleagues on Parliament's delegation who went through numerous tortuous meetings and lost a night's sleep in Luxembourg trying to achieve this result.
Also, I must thank the rapporteur, Mr Lehne, who throughout conducted a robust defence of the European Parliament's position and his own views.
The result of the delegation's considerations is before us today and we have to adopt or reject the joint text agreed in Luxembourg on 6 June.
This power of rejection or acceptance is a power granted to the European Parliament under the Amsterdam Treaty.
The Commission and Council have been working for 12 years to achieve rules and safeguards that are acceptable across all Member States.
They achieved this only to find that the European Parliament took a different stance on a number of issues and articles.
Fifteen amendments in Parliament's second reading were not acceptable to the Council.
On 29 May, we reached agreement on 8 amendments, leaving three major areas of contention: defensive measures, squeeze-out and minority shareholders and the level playing field.
Also, we had difficulties with the Council on employee rights to information.
On all these issues, Parliament's delegation made strong representations to the Council in the negotiations and won many concessions.
Indeed, from most points of view, it could and would be assumed that the negotiations were a success.
However, Article 9 and Amendments Nos 20 and 17, in particular, remained a point of fundamental difference.
The history is therefore important in this case.
Fifteen Member States reached common accord and a common position, along with the Commission.
That meant that there were two European institutions in agreement whilst the European Parliament took a different position.
One Member State then withdrew from the common position - the first time this has ever happened.
The Council was then in the position of being unable to concede anything to Parliament by way of negotiation on these matters.
Had it done so, all 14 Member States would have felt cheated, having already conceded much to achieve a common position.
For one Member State to achieve something, having withdrawn from the common position, would have caused the Council great difficulty in future negotiations.
Therefore, Parliament's delegation was in a very difficult position.
I say to Parliament that the delegation itself was divided on the main issue, and that is not a happy position for the chairman of a delegation.
The European Parliament had already made its decision clear, and what it wanted was to achieve a directive.
We had to take a decision.
A vote in the delegation was necessary and that vote was achieved.
My own position as chairman was made clear and well understood.
The real issue is whether managers of companies are in control or whether shareholders that own the company should decide.
In other words: one man, one vote.
Today we have a third reading and, tomorrow, a vote to accept or reject this proposal.
I recommend that the European Parliament accept the outcome of this negotiation, otherwise we will do serious damage to Europe's future economic development.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Provan and Mr Lehne.
I will take as my starting point the position which was adopted at the second reading of the European Parliament on 13 December 2000 with 399 votes for the motion.
Then we had conciliation.
Conciliation was a lengthy operation on an extremely difficult subject.
Nothing was achieved and the Council continued to refuse any form of compromise we proposed.
The five years necessary to transpose ....
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, as Mr Provan pointed out, the two institutions with responsibility for adopting this directive, Council and Parliament, are divided.
I would say that the divisions now also extend to the various political groups.
I should like to begin by saying that I disagree with Mr Provan' s assessment of a possible rejection of this directive.
With regard to public opinion or the press, I also disagree with Mr Provan, because his words do not match what is written in the newspapers that I read.
In my opinion, a vote against, at this time, by the European Parliament on an issue as important and significant as this would enhance the prestige of this institution.
Now, in the formula laid down in the proposed directive, the workers are the unwanted guests. The workers are invited to the table but they cannot join in.
I and most of the Members of the Socialist Group will, therefore, probably vote against adopting this directive.
Mr President, I wish to begin by paying tribute to Mr Provan's chairmanship of Parliament's Conciliation Committee.
He did a marvellous job in very difficult circumstances.
I should like to say, on behalf of the ELDR Group, that we are fully and undividedly behind the agreement reached in conciliation and will vote accordingly.
Most of the reasons have been well rehearsed before and we have heard some of them again this morning.
This directive is crucial, indeed critical, to the financial services action plan.
Therefore if we are genuinely interested in the competitiveness and good functioning of Europe's economy, we have to proceed with this directive.
My Group believes that it is in the long-term interests of Europe's citizens.
It is now beginning to be the case, and will increasingly be so in future, that many of those investors are Europe's citizens investing for their future, savings and pensions.
Recent events have shown that citizens are becoming increasingly frustrated with the inability of politicians to deal with the effects of globalisation and other aspects of corporate life.
For example it seems quite possible that a group of motivated shareholders may be beginning to achieve an about-turn on the projected building of the Ilisu dam in Turkey.
Shareholders can act against the Wall Street sharks.
Shareholders are property owners; they have rights and responsibilities which can be exercised in many ways this House would wish to endorse.
Shareholders will often also be employees.
The conciliation result represents a substantial compromise.
Mr President, it is a privilege to have the opportunity of taking part in this debate.
It would have been a scandal if, at 1 a.m. in Luxembourg on 5 June, 15 of us had voted it down and prevented Parliament having this debate.
We can assure all those visiting this House today that there will not be a more important decision affecting the well-being of industry in Europe than this one.
My group will have a free vote on it and I believe others will as well.
We will, as individual Members of Parliament, stand by our consciences on this issue at tomorrow's vital vote.
Sometimes I feel I am living in a looking glass land when I hear that all sorts of disastrous takeovers will occur if the directive is carried.
Members must remember that takeovers will go on in all events.
The issue is whether we have a common set of norms in Europe which govern us all.
Will we have a single basic law for takeovers or will we let the chaos continue?
Mr Lehne makes a powerful point about the damage that can be done by golden shares, about the unfairness of the absence of a level playing field.
We will not move closer to a level playing field by throwing out this directive.
That will make it impossible over the next decade to get anywhere near a level playing field.
We must, therefore, move forward on this occasion.
It would be shocking not to do so.
It will probably take four years, if we carry this tomorrow, before it comes into effect.
Trade unionists and employees of companies throughout Europe will still have to wait four years to get what Mr Medina Ortega already regards as not enough.
But they have far less at the moment.
If the directive goes through, the board of a bidding or offeree company will have to declare its hand at the time of the bid.
It will have to declare its intentions in regard to jobs and the location of work.
The trade unions or other employees' representatives will have the right to comment on that before the offeree company comes to a decision.
The shareholders of the offeree company will need to know what the view of the employees is.
None of this is law at the moment.
We are about to deprive people of something of vital importance, unless we carry this!
Mr President, Commissioner, European companies, workers and savers urgently need a European capital market which is free from protectionist constraints, integrated and efficient.
The strength of the euro itself will depend on the strength and attractiveness of the financial markets.
This is why the Italian radicals of the Bonino List are going to vote for the directive.
In recent weeks, the conservatives and protectionists, who have opposed this measure, have had a wonderful excuse in the shape of the asymmetries between the different countries.
The case of the bid by what was actually a subsidiary of Electricit de France to take control of the second Italian private electricity group, Montedison, is symbolic.
EDF is a company which is not quoted on the Stock Exchange, which is 100% the property of the French government and which enjoys a legal monopoly in France.
Clearly, its aggressive policy of shopping around in Europe is an intolerable distortion of the European capital market.
In promising to reinforce competitiveness and competition in the markets of some public services, we are letting statism and monopolistic management in by the back door.
Mr President, I should like to start by acknowledging the work which Mr Lehne has put into this report, even though I have not always agreed with him.
That must be included in the rules.
If that does not happen, the integrity of the market is eroded. That leads to an unwillingness of capital to invest and thus under-capitalisation, and hence under-performance of Europe's economy.
In turn, pension funds will not be able to secure proper retirement provision for their members and the currency will weaken.
This conciliation has seen 15 new provisions introduced into the common position, so it cannot be maintained seriously that Parliament's rights have been trampled on.
To claim that could undermine our credibility in the future when we may have real cause for concern.
The principle of having a takeover directive has been supported at first and second readings and now, after 12 years, we have a final agreed text.
In this Parliament we frequently complain that we are unfairly perceived as immature and irresponsible, and hence disregarded.
Let us now prove these critics wrong and vote for the conciliation.
This, as Mr MacCormick very lucidly pointed out, is the first step towards creating a single market in corporate ownership.
It is an integral component of the single market and is in the interests of all Europe's citizens.
If we look closely at what has happened, we will reach the conclusion that, so far, the system has not worked.
In these circumstances, the Council ultimately becomes intransigent and adopts a position that always implies: either you do what we say or the law will not be adopted.
With regard to these two items, a majority of the European Parliament had the audacity to oppose what had previously been decided on in Council.
You simply have to study the content of the amendments tabled to see that this statement is false.
We do not look favourably on the Council position of rejecting any possible agreement with the positions of this Parliament.
Mr President, Commissioner Bolkestein, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words about this report.
Information and consultation are also currently under discussion.
Not simply information, therefore, but also consultation. Having a say in the broad sense of the word.
We are looking into the request to review the Works Councils Act.
We argue in favour of an observatory for industrial change.
That is what is happening on the one hand.
On the other hand, there are also people who would like to see a European company statute, and who want takeover bids to be regulated.
In my view, we should be sufficiently grown-up, to slowly but surely reach a package deal in which matters of this kind can be regulated in one fell swoop.
At the moment, however, we are witness to a more gradual approach.
Returning to this Directive, I gather from Articles 6 and 9 d), in particular, that these are only concerned with disclosure of information.
I am drawing on my practical experience as advisor to works councils and trade unions, when I encountered difficulties of this kind on a daily basis.
This being the case, to say that the opinion may be sent along with a bid is a hollow phrase.
I have heard such hollow phrases all too often, and I do not welcome them.
What we are about to see, therefore, is a very strange coalition tomorrow, with divisions within all the political parties.
I naturally defend the proportion, and that will be the largest proportion, of the Greens who will be voting against.
I quite definitely belong to the second group.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I have great admiration for what Commissioner Bolkestein has achieved and is achieving within the internal market.
Unfortunately, I do not see eye to eye with him today, for I am of the opinion that the mediation outcome should be rejected for the following reasons.
First of all, the proposal conflicts with legislation and practices in my own country, the Netherlands.
In fact, until two years ago, the Dutch government was also opposed to this directive.
Things can change.
The Dutch system makes provision for protecting companies against hostile takeovers.
It aims to afford the Board of the target partnership the opportunity of weighing up all the vested interests in the event of a hostile bid.
In this connection, the Board must have the company' s continuity in mind.
The approach in Mr Bolkestein' s proposal is completely different.
It leaves the decision concerning a hostile bid to the shareholders.
A second argument against Mr Bolkestein' s proposal is the inequality which it creates within Europe.
Article 9 only prohibits the legal protection structures.
All other methods of countering company takeovers, such as government intervention, are being left out of the equation.
Mr President, one final point.
That is not an argument, in my opinion.
Mr Bolkestein has agreed to have studies carried out into a number of points.
Mr President, Mr Bolkestein, ladies and gentlemen, conciliation is a question of reaching a balance, a question of compromise.
It involves give and take on both sides.
As part of the European legislative process we often find Parliament and the Council negotiating hard in the conciliation procedure.
However the outcome is generally a balanced result that the European Parliament can accept.
But this does not apply in the case of the "takeover directive", which, after many years' work, should now be before us in its final form.
The European Parliament should reject the result which emerged from a night session in Luxembourg.
It is worthless.
I am saying that to you quite frankly, although I was a member of this House's delegation to the negotiations.
However, I can also tell you that we have never been treated so frostily in any of the Conciliation Committees in which I have been involved.
There was not a trace of mutual give and take!
By an overwhelming majority, the Council's negotiating team largely swept aside the ideas adopted by the European Parliament.
I do not want to go through the details already mentioned again point by point.
However, I would warn against this House sweeping the decisions it took by a convincing majority under the carpet and accepting an obscure conciliation result.
We would lose face and the public would quite rightly ridicule us for our weakness.
I think that must have been a joke, because there really has been plenty of time for legal fine tuning over all the years.
But we should let the Commissioner have his wish!
Mr President, the job Parliament has here today is quite simple: to adopt or reject the compromise achieved in conciliation.
What did we achieve in conciliation?
Out of 15 amendments tabled in second reading, compromises were reached on 11.
In this House we have a duty to deal with the facts, not to listen to the jungle drums beating from misinformed sources.
I welcome the changes in amendments, made by my own political group, to recognise the legitimate interests of employees in a takeover bid.
There are minimum standards.
We can only, in conciliation, go as far as amendments allow us in second reading.
No amendments were tabled requiring the board of a company to consult prior to a takeover bid.
It is no secret that Article 9, and the right of boards to take defensive action without shareholder approval, was the bone of contention in conciliation.
But is simply not true to state that the board of a company faced with a hostile takeover cannot take action or is obliged to remain neutral or passive.
Defensive and frustrating action is possible with shareholder approval.
Indeed, our amendments to the common position mean that a board can get fast-track approval in 14 days.
I have always believed that politics is the art of the possible.
Article 9 and restrictions on frustrating action was the Holy Grail of this text.
Therefore we had no scope to rewrite it to allow unapproved poison pill action.
This also includes - as the Commissioner can confirm - the possibility of reviewing Article 9 in the light of the findings of that group.
The entry into force of this directive is therefore postponed and Member States can postpone compliance with Article 9 until 2006.
My delegation will vote for this directive.
Thank you, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Mr President, on a point of order.
Commissioner Bolkestein has just joined a long list of his colleagues who have been subjected to a procedure in this Parliament which is no longer acceptable.
He was making an important speech to a full House but the only people listening were members of the public and our electorate in the Gallery.
I insist that this matter now be referred to the Bureau and that, as of September, we see no further repetition.
We are all guilty of talking.
We can, of course, all listen to the Commissioner through our headphones.
However, if this Parliament is not conscious of the image it portrays to the public, then it should be.
(Applause)
I am saying this because I noticed several visitors applauding just now: this is not permitted by the Rules of Procedure.
Mr President, on a point of order.
I wish to draw your attention to Rule 22(3), which states that: "The Bureau shall take decisions on matters relating to the conduct of sittings".
It is a Bureau responsibility and I ask the Bureau to take its responsibilities seriously.
Of course, Mr Corbett, but the agenda of the plenary sessions is set by the Conference of Presidents.
In our opinion, too much has been packed into too little time.
We shall now proceed to the vote.
VOTE
Mr President, I should not speak on this document because artists do not retire: like love, art never retires.
Therefore, I should not speak about this document for I represent pensioners, but, Mrs Echerer, Mr President, many pensioners are also artists.
At the end of their working life, many pensioners paint or create works of art, and so I want to protect the pensioners who are also artists.
Therefore, like Mrs Echerer, I support this document.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the aim of the resale right directive was to harmonise the common market.
This aim has been achieved, but with rather dubious success.
Quite apart from that, it is questionable whether there is really any need for harmonisation in this area.
Particularly at a time when things are being streamlined and efforts are being made to achieve transparency, introducing another Community tax is counterproductive.
In fact an imbalance will arise in the art market, with all the negative consequences that implies.
Small galleries and the young artists they promote will be particularly affected by this new tax, however small.
Even established artists, for whom this directive ought to bring some monetary advantage, have spoken out against it.
It is a total mystery why this directive should be used to force something on the people affected that they do not want.
By saying yes to this directive, Europe has had its day as a patron of art.
That is why we in the Freedom Party have voted against it.
.
(DE) Austrian artists are opposed to the introduction of the resale right.
They see the resale right as being a major economic disadvantage, because it will inevitably lead to a drop in the initial sale price.
Small gallery owners will be particularly hard hit, as they are far less able to withstand this pressure on prices.
It is impossible to see why the resale right should be imposed on artists against their will as a form of copyright.
For these reasons the Freedom Party is rejecting this report.
. Although the "droit de suite" compulsory art resale levy report by Mr Zimmerling has been improved on at conciliation, it is still flawed.
. During today's vote on the Zimmerling Report (A5-0235/2001) I voted against the report and I also urged all my "Nea Dimokratia" colleagues to do so.
For all these reasons, and since I am a European artist, I decided to vote against.
Rothley report (A5-0174/2001)
Mr President, before I came to Strasbourg, I met Mr Fortunato Rossi, a pensioner of 80, who said to me: "I have had a terrible car accident.
Does it seem right to you, Mr Fatuzzo, that an old man does not have the right to compensation when he is hit by another car?"
I replied: "You are right, Mr Not-Very-Fortunato Rossi. I will call for the next report on the subject to provide for fair compensation for elderly pensioners."
If the genuine aim of this report was, as it claims, to improve the legal protection of accident victims, we would have voted in favour.
All this talk of unity within Europe is worth very little when faced with a small additional premium.
We therefore abstained from voting on this report.
. I support my socialist colleague, Willi Rothley, on his report which calls for a new car insurance directive to improve the legal protection of accident victims.
Our citizens have a right to receive equal legal protection wherever they are in the European Union.
Every year, thousands of people drive across the continent on holiday.
Holidaymakers driving from Bolton to Barcelona must be protected on a legal basis.
The overall aim of the directive is extremely important in ensuring that there is a consistent and high level of legal protection.
Clear and swift decisions are the best way of reassuring victims of the outcome of their claim.
Furthermore, this report welcomes an EU minimum of EUR 2 m with future increases in line with inflation.
Minimum amounts insured are out of date and this figure is a much more realistic sum.
It is not just holidaymakers who will benefit from this new directive.
People buying cars in other countries will also gain confidence from this measure.
Only by improving the legal protection of accident victims can our citizens take full advantage of driving across the EU and make the most of freedom of movement.
Wallis report (A5-0134/2001)
Or maybe pensioners are not consumer goods? I would like you, Mr Fatuzzo," he added, "to ensure that we receive our pensions quickly and on time".
And so this is what I am asking you to do, Mr President.
That concludes voting time.
(The sitting was suspended at 12.30 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.).
ECB and the euro
The next item is the joint debate on two reports:
(A5-0225/2001) by Mrs Randzio-Plath, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the 2000 Annual Report of the European Central Bank [C5-0187/2001 - 2001/2090(COS)];
(A5-0222/2001) by Mr Maaten, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on means to assist economic actors in switching to the euro [2000/2278(INI)].
Many thanks, Mr Duisenberg, for your speech.
Welcome
Ladies and gentlemen, I should like to extend an official welcome to Mr Alejandro Toledo, Peru' s newly elected President.
Mr Toledo has taken a seat in the official gallery and will be joining us this afternoon in the company of his wife and daughter.
Mr Toledo, welcome to this House.
ECB and the euro (continuation)
The European Central Bank is a very young institution.
The euro, for which it is responsible, is not yet even a truly tangible currency.
That is why it is so important for the ECB to establish its own credibility.
That means that the ECB's mandate needs to be very clearly expressed through its monetary strategy.
Nevertheless, there is still a lack of coherence in justifying individual policy measures.
Max Weber once spoke about the three sources of authority: tradition, charisma and reason.
Forming a judgment in this way provides a basis for a sensible public debate on the issues surrounding European monetary policy.
Without a lever of this kind a central bank can fail to achieve its objectives.
Accountability and transparency do not mean that the ECB should publish more and more material.
Quality is more important than quantity, and in this respect I would like to specifically acknowledge the quality of the monetary dialogue with the European Parliament.
The ECB has improved the transparency of its monetary policy decision making.
Nevertheless, more openness and transparency cannot do any harm, indeed in the coming months they should increase confidence in and acceptance of the single currency.
The single European currency depends on this, and the following measures would be helpful:
Second, it would be helpful in this respect to publish the models used.
An analytically disciplined extension of the second pillar is also needed.
Third, the ECB's forecasts must be more precise and should not be broad ranges as they have up to now; these need to be narrowed.
They should also be issued four times a year.
In order to achieve greater understanding and transparency, the ECB should adopt the forecasts produced by its own staff.
Fourth, summary minutes should be published containing the arguments made for and against when making decisions on monetary policy, together with an anonymous account of the voting pattern.
The ECB's priority target of guaranteeing price stability is not, after all, an objective in its own right, but rather a key condition for economic growth and job creation.
That is why monetary policy should not be formulated in isolation but rather supplemented by still closer macroeconomic policy coordination in the euro area.
The situation still leaves a lot to be desired in this area.
This could prevent economic integration being driven solely by the markets without any account being taken of employment policy and social issues.
Another reason for enhanced macroeconomic coordination involving the European Central Bank is the accelerating globalisation of financial markets, which less and less reflects the turnover of goods and services.
Concerns about the independence of the European Central Bank which have been raised as regards the effectiveness of its participation in the macroeconomic policy dialogue are equally difficult to understand.
The European Central Bank's position is not the same as that of the US Federal Reserve Bank.
Mr President, this report on switching to the euro cannot be viewed in isolation.
It builds on previous reports submitted, inter alia, by Mr Karas and Mrs Torres Marques and upon the recent correspondence between Mrs Randzio-Plath and our President, Mrs Fontaine.
I am delighted to note that the European Central Bank and the European Commission are talking the same language as the European Parliament.
Only eight amendments have been tabled to this report, by a group none of whose members, I notice, are present in this debate.
The euro is already a success, as Mr Duisenberg pointed out convincingly a moment ago.
It is also the most exciting European project to date.
After all, the European Union is no longer a theory but a tangible reality for all citizens in the euro-zone or, rather, all citizens in Europe and all world citizens.
That is happening for the first time in the history of our European cooperation.
The launch date is 1 January.
Provided it is done well, the introduction of the euro could , silence all that criticism.
It could ensure that all citizens in euro land are proud of the way it has been done, maybe against all expectations.
Where it is not done well, on the other hand, the introduction of the euro could also intensify criticism not only of the euro but also of European cooperation.
After all, citizens need not read about the introduction of the euro in their newspapers.
They can witness it for themselves.
But those people at the top can also subsequently be brought very much down to earth in the eyes of the public.
That applies to all of us, in fact.
The public at large must gain access to those notes.
That is an effective way to discourage counterfeiting.
After all, citizens will then know from their own experience what the notes, obtained from a reliable source, look like.
It benefits the safety of shopkeepers who will need to stock far fewer euros in their shops in order to have sufficient change on 1 and 2 January.
It benefits the public.
Fewer exchange problems arise when old currency is handed in to shops and euros are given in return.
You know you will receive the right amount of the correct money if you pay in euros and get your change in euros.
It can prevent a general sense of irritation.
I can understand the argument of Mr Duisenberg who says: we want to adhere to a decision we have taken. We want to be trustworthy in that respect.
I can understand that well because many critics would, of course, exploit this and say that the European Central Bank has changed its mind again.
That is not how things work.
However, we do believe that there are fresh facts.
These have surfaced following research carried out within industry, which shows that the practical problems would really be enormous if we were not to distribute euro notes beforehand.
I am not saying that frontloading is a guarantee that there will not be any problems, for that is not the case.
Neither am I saying that, in the absence of frontloading, there will be considerable chaos.
I have a reasonable amount of confidence in the consumer, who will know how to deal with these problems.
I do believe that by frontloading, we are, in a relatively simple manner, reducing the risk of problems arising .
We would welcome a review of your decision.
It would also be a sign of wisdom.
I would like to make a few final points.
Furthermore, those cash machines are a cause of concern, as far as I can see.
We have, in fact, been supplied with recent figures in this respect from the European Commission.
I would certainly not object to testing them in different Member States during the last days of the year.
I would welcome your opinion on this matter.
The first days of January will be crucial to how much confidence 300 million citizens, and the whole world, can place in the euro.
I wish you all the best in the implementation of that project.
I do hope that you yourself will be prepared to reflect on our considerations.
Mr President, Mrs Randzio-Plath' s report is, bar one paragraph, a balanced report.
The Paragraph in question is the ninth.
In our opinion, it compromises the Bank' s independence.
The Bank' s task is to monitor price stability in the medium term, not overnight.
We want an independent Bank.
It is therefore inappropriate for Parliament to prescribe the Bank' s monetary policy.
This is an essential point, in our view.
Without this adaptation, we will be voting against the report, despite the fact that we give our wholehearted support to the rest of the report.
There is room for improvement in its communication with the financial markets and society.
Mr Duisenberg, I asked you at your hearing whether you are able to stay on.
You then replied in the affirmative, yet your stepping down is well documented in the press, as if it were a fait accompli after all.
There is a desperate lack of good candidates.
You have gained a great deal of experience.
I would ask you once again: are you able to stay on to complete your term in office?
Concerning the conversion to the euro, you know my position.
Finally, I should like to comment on cross-border payments.
Banks and companies will all earn back the costs incurred during the currency conversion, or they will receive compensation.
People in Europe will surely not be the only ones footing the bill and experiencing the disadvantages without gaining any benefits.
You are undoubtedly aware that they have not become cheaper of late, but have become more expensive, by half a euro on average!
I should like to inform the Directorate-General Competition of the fact that Parliament will resist a fixed fee of EUR 3 for receiving banks.
That would mean that, in some countries, the price would, in fact, increase rather than decrease, and that would be unacceptable!
Is there one person in my group that questions the independence of the European Central Bank?
No, there is not.
Does this prevent us from discussing monetary policy?
It does not.
As well as the symbolic changeover to the euro on D-Day, there was a psychological aspect regarding the time between Christmas and New Year which meant other provisions were required.
You decided against these and we are sorry to see this.
This year should give people time to adapt - a real changeover should occur if dual pricing is banned after one year.
As Mr Duisenberg will remember, Parliament has repeatedly adopted a transparency package advocating five separate measures to increase transparency.
I am delighted to report that the ECB has so far agreed three of them, and we must give them credit for this.
We have had no problems in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in inviting members of the governing Council to appear before us.
Last year, we had eleven such appearances.
Secondly, the ECB began to publish regular forecasts or, as they prefer to call them, "projections" in the December 2000 monthly bulletin, and that was a very welcome development.
In addition, econometric models are now published in the working paper series.
It would be nice if they were in more user-friendly form, for example, on CD-ROM, but there is progress.
In addition, this year we are asking the ECB Governing Council to deal with a specific problem it has faced in a couple of recent interest rate changes.
There was confusion in the markets about what was perceived as an unpredictable decision and the marketplace was clearly not prepared for that decision.
Indeed, some people went as far as to say it was arbitrary, so we are calling for the publication of votes on an anonymous basis.
In particular in the report I support the comments on the need for frontloading the general public with notes and coins.
I also welcome its emphasis on the role of local and regional public administrations in the changeover.
It is essential that every effort is made to ensure that this so-called flagship event is managed effectively and that the changeover is smooth.
Most of my comments, however, are based on a view from the outside, from Scotland, for the time being part of the UK.
There may be some problems with public awareness within the euro zone, but we have a much bigger problem within Scotland and the rest of the UK.
The level of awareness in Scotland may be lamentable but it is not surprising given the attitudes of the political leaders in the Scots and UK governments in recent years.
I welcome recent statements from some high street retailers in Scotland that they will be accepting euros in their tills, alongside sterling, from 2002.
This can only enhance Scotland's position as a welcoming tourist and business travel destination, as well as familiarising Scots with the euro notes and coins.
Mr President, Mr Duisenberg, people feel that they are paying for the lamentable situation with regard to the euro.
According to yesterday's Financial Times Deutschland, 49% of Germany's population are against the euro.
Over 50% do not believe that it will boost the economy or emulate the stability of the Deutschmark.
30% expect a decline in the value of their assets and 67% expect price increases when we switch over to the euro.
The euro has certainly not become a job machine or acted as a brake on inflation, which is precisely what was rashly promised to the public earlier on.
Monetary stability in the euro area and the external exchange rate stability of the euro are inextricably linked.
What is really incomprehensible is that the French proposal to establish an "economic government" has gone unheeded.
Uniform interest rates are too restrictive for some euro countries and too expansionary for others.
A European monetary policy geared to monetary stability is totally at odds with conflicting national economic, tax and social policies.
They are the last people to be consulted and also the last people to be informed.
The litany is long and it does not paint a joyful picture.
The euro has lost its value against the dollar and nothing points to an imminent recovery.
The changeover to using euro notes is, therefore, a useless and costly operation without a doubt. It will cause a rise in inflation and cases of public or private embezzlement.
It would be better to stop all this while we still have the chance.
Mr President, now that consumers will soon be carrying euros around in their pockets, we would benefit from a smooth transition.
Rapporteur Maaten was right to commit himself to that cause.
The euro' s uncertain success as a currency should not be further frustrated by uncertainty during that transition.
Confidence in a currency is fundamental to every modern economy.
The basis for that confidence, however, is rather shaky in the case of the euro.
That is why we have nothing to lose by taking precautionary measures during the changeover.
It is therefore only fair to do justice to the concerns of all the parties involved.
The ECB' s attitude, however, can be described as somewhat inflexible.
Further to the Maaten report, Parliament has arrived at a compromise date of 27 December as the date on which to make the first small notes available.
It ensures that the changeover is spread out.
Those few days leave little scope for counterfeiting.
I fail to see why this compromise would not be acceptable to the ECB.
Along with the availability of euros, payment by bank card is another bottleneck.
The way in which those transactions are to be processed is not equal to the temporary massive increase in the use of that method of payment.
It is to be feared that people will therefore be forced to use the national currencies longer than necessary.
This leads to uncertainty when paying in old currency and receiving change in euros.
The availability of cash machines and the extent to which payments are made by bank card differ quite considerably from one Member State to another.
In the light of this, has the ECB looked into additional methods for distributing the money?
Is it possible, prior to the changeover, to buy euros electronically, for example through transactions on the Internet whereby certain quantities are set aside.
If payment for these could take place electronically, the amounts would only need to be paid out in January.
That would render conversions in January redundant.
It would give an indication of the amount requested and would make it possible to plan ahead.
In addition, it would increase the reliability of electronic payments and provide a stimulus to these.
If something of that kind is not possible, we must ask ourselves whether online transactions are mere pie in the sky for the time being.
This is the out-dated 'shield' theory.
However, it appears now that that theory is only true up to a point, in that it will eliminate currency fluctuations between Member States.
In fact, Chancellor Schrder recently called upon the ECB to shoulder its responsibilities by supporting growth in Germany.
He is wrong and he should realise that he is a victim of the rules of the monetary unification game.
The ECB cannot make a drastic reduction in its interest rates in order to please Germany, because other countries are calling for opposite measures.
Thank you very much for that.
Secondly, there is a lot of juggling with figures, but they are all relative.
That does mean, however, that we still have a great deal to do.
I would also like to make a few points clear for the benefit of the public.
The euro is not "coming", as you see on many posters, it already exists, and it is a success.
We do this every year and it is the only opportunity which Parliament has to debate the policy of what is now an important and independent European institution.
This debate is being held within the context of a radically changed global economy.
The downturn in the economy, which has brought us to the brink of recession, has created a great deal of pressure.
The European Central Bank and other central banks throughout the world are under a great deal of pressure to relax their monetary policy.
The moral of the story is, I think, quite clear.
The central banks must not be guided by short-term prospects on the money markets, be they on a peak or in a trough.
You must be guided, Mr President, by principles of monetary stability and economic development, as laid out in the Treaty.
At this juncture, I think that we need to rethink the system of the two pillars of monetary policy.
Mr President, with just six months to go before the introduction of the euro notes and coins, we must focus clearly on this event.
The report is timely and Mr Maaten's observations are very welcome.
The one clear fact about 'euro day', 1 January 2002, is that it is truly irreversible.
It is going to happen and, therefore, we must be ready.
We have made substantial progress on all fronts.
Taking public information first, the surveys of public awareness about the euro are heartening.
Seventy-eight percent have seen pictures of the euro notes and coins and 64% know that an Irish Pound will get you EUR 1.27.
In addition, there has been quite an amount of legislation to cater for the introduction of the euro, covering areas such as finance and social welfare.
In all cases, it is essential that we act on the principle of favouring the citizen.
There are essentially two tasks for national and European authorities: they have to oversee the successful changeover to the euro and provide the public with information about it.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to tell you about the difficulties that the people I meet in my country complain of every day.
It is strange, to say the least, to see that the method of self-persuasion used to create the euro has now been replaced by heavy-handed tactics.
I am sorry to say that, in my view, the changeover to the single currency has been forced through.
First of all, the people were never consulted to find out if they were in favour of replacing their national currency.
In this respect, the example of Ireland is a prime example of the way that Europe works.
The people are not consulted any more extensively now about the practical introduction of the euro, even though they are the most important element in this equation.
In other words, the task of young people and the retired is to provide information, following the example of governments and civil servants.
Lastly, businesses can give practical training.
For example, who is dealing with the difficulties experienced by businesses in rural areas, which are faraway from the centres of learning that are based in towns?
How can we ask businesspeople who work 12 hours a day to go to their local Chamber of Commerce to attend information sessions?
To sum up, for all the reasons I have given, I do not think it is acceptable to allow the citizens to shoulder all the responsibility.
It is too easy to leave what we are incapable of doing ourselves at the door of others.
It was Europe that wanted a single currency, so Europe will now have to put take responsibility for it!
Mr President, Mr Duisenberg, ladies and gentlemen, this debate is taking place at a difficult moment as regards economic policy.
Growth is declining and inflation is on the increase.
The Federal Republic of Germany, which accounts for a third of the euro area, is bringing up the rear in terms of growth, inflation and net government borrowing.
It is no longer the locomotive it once was, it is now the last coach in the train.
At this difficult time it is, above all, important for the European Central Bank, which is a young central bank, to gain credibility.
For this reason we too will not be voting for three of the proposals made by the rapporteur in her report.
The first proposal was that core inflation should be the key factor in economic decision making, that is to say inflation excluding energy and food.
This would amount to looking at the world through rose-tinted spectacles, because what matters to the public is not core inflation but inflation including energy and food prices.
The second proposal that we will be rejecting is that of setting inflation targets.
That cannot be altered now.
If anything, it is precisely in the current difficult situation that the European Central Bank should be measured by its own yardstick.
That is the reason why we cannot vote for this second proposal.
The third proposal relates to the accession countries.
Mr President, 1 January 2002 marks another significant step in European integration.
No other EU policy change will impact in such a profound and personal way on all citizens and at the same time.
From children to pensioners, from the corporate sector to small business, each will be exposed to this significant milestone in European administration.
I am satisfied that everything possible is being done, but nothing can be left to chance.
We know that there are some people who are sceptical.
Their views are important to the debate, but we must establish beyond doubt that their worries will not be realised.
For example, we all recall the introduction of decimalisation and, despite our assurances at that time, consumers experienced price increases.
We all need to put beyond doubt the absence of a cost factor in the exchange mechanism.
The House will be aware that banks availed themselves of the transition period to cream off excessive exchange charges and, to some extent, this is still happening.
What assurances can the European Central Bank give that these matters will be scrutinised with the utmost vigour and with appropriate sanctions?
Mr President, Mr President of the European Central Bank, the first thirty months of operations of the European Central Bank can be considered a success.
The faith of citizens in the European Central Bank is primarily based on price stability.
It is important to citizens that the currency is stable and that the real level of earnings and purchasing power remain unchanged.
However, trust can also be increased by increasing openness and transparency in the work of the ECB.
Transparency goes without saying for national central banks, and should also be the case for the European Central Bank.
The changeover to the euro is a unique event in economic history for which there is no precedent in terms of magnitude.
Adopting a single currency is a concrete indication of how far European integration has come.
Our citizens expect us to do all we can to ensure a smooth transition to the euro.
It is important that we prepare carefully to avoid unnecessary problems and thus giving rise to a negative image among citizens.
However, we must remember the fundamentals.
The euro will not fail due to practical problems encountered during a transitional period of two or three weeks.
If it fails due to anything, it will fail because the currency is not sufficiently stable or strong.
Our single currency is as strong as the economy behind it.
A strong economy, healthy business structures and a functioning internal market are vital prerequisites for the trust of citizens and the global competitiveness of the Union.
In this context I would also like to mention my concern regarding the fate of the Directive on Takeovers to be addressed tomorrow.
The directive has taken twelve years to draw up.
After much wrangling, the European Parliament and the Council have managed to reach an agreement through the conciliation procedure.
If the directive fails tomorrow we will be able to say that while many fine words were heard in Lisbon, here we need action.
The value of our single currency depends considerably on these actions on the part of Parliament, the Council and all the institutions of the Union.
This is why I feel I may be allowed to focus on three points.
Thirdly and most importantly: up until the final exchange date, I call upon the qualified intermediaries, particularly credit institutions, to pay greater attention and apply greater rigour to cash transactions.
I am sure that organised crime networks amass cash supplies for illegal transactions ...
(The President cut the speaker off)
I hear that, at the end of this debate, Mr Duisenberg would like to say a few words.
I will then give Commissioner Solbes Mira the floor.
I am now giving Mr Duisenberg the floor.
Mr President, I shall try to answer some of the points raised by Members.
I have already addressed in my introductory statement the most important ones contained in the two resolutions.
I wish to add some points.
Mrs Randzio-Plath asked about the secondary objective in the Treaty.
Should the European Parliament be involved, if the Treaty is ever changed, in the appointment of the Executive Board?
That is an issue the Executive Board should stay out of.
However, the European Parliament is already involved in appointing members of the Executive Board in the same way as the Governing Council of the ECB is involved.
I fully agree that monetary policy should work not in isolation but in ever closer coordination.
Many points were made about the resolution.
I have already addressed some of them in my introductory statement.
I am grateful to Mrs Peijs and Mr von Wogau for their support on various points, namely the guarantee of the independence of the Central Bank.
That has been proven in the past and we will continue to prove it in the future.
Mrs Peijs asked the obvious question: can you stay?
The answer I always give, and give again, is "yes".
She also pleaded for cross-border transfers to be as costly or as cheap as domestic transfers. I agree with her completely.
It may take a little longer than 1 January 2002 to achieve it.
However, I believe that in a single market with a single currency, the distinction should disappear, but it may take some time.
I turn to the important subject of frontloading, which has been mentioned by Mr Maaten in his draft resolution and by many other Members.
Specific questions have been asked: is it possible or advisable to change the automatic teller machines a few days earlier than 1 January 2002.
The answer is "no".
That would seriously damage the payments system at the busiest time of the year, namely the last few days of December.
The automatic teller machines must still be able to distribute national currencies.
If they were disabled for that purpose, the payments system would be seriously damaged.
It has to be remembered that between 70% and 80% of total bank note distribution is through automatic teller machines.
It is also important because we too see the potential for problems arising.
It is important that the machines are converted as soon as possible.
In five countries the old automatic teller machines will have been converted by 1 January.
That applies to the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, Ireland and Luxembourg.
It will take a little longer there but in the majority of countries the conversion will take place within one week.
In five countries it will occur within one day.
Mr Maaten also asked in his resolution for some priority to be given to the dispersal of small EUR 5 and EUR 10 bank notes in automatic teller machines.
This point is well covered in the national changeover scenarios.
There are in place fuller steps that could be taken to smooth the changeover, for example establishing temporary exchange points, for instance in supermarkets.
We encourage that.
In countries where welfare payments are still largely paid in cash we encourage the use of lower denomination bank notes.
We are encouraging banks to open their counters on 1 January 2002.
At this juncture, this is envisaged in Austria, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
We urge other countries to consider the same measures as well.
In its resolution the European Parliament has also made various suggestions.
It has been suggested that the date of the annual sales should be changed, postponing them by a few weeks.
The ECB is neutral on this point, but I see the merits in it.
Lower fees for credit cards and other electronic means of payment have been mentioned.
This is currently envisaged in Austria, Belgium and Finland.
Here, too, the ECB, because of the nature of the subject, is neutral but I would encourage national authorities to listen carefully to the European Parliament.
Mr Maaten asked a question which amused me: "What if, in the last few days ministers do change their minds and do nevertheless start frontloading bank notes?"
Only the ECB, the Eurosystem, can decide when the bank notes will be distributed and that will be on 1 January 2002.
Mr President, following the speech by the President of the European Central Bank, Mr Duisenberg, I wish to comment briefly on a few points.
I shall refer basically to Mr Maaten' s report, since I agree with Mr Duisenberg' s comments on the report by Mrs Randzio-Plath.
First and foremost, I should like to point out that access to starter kits for coins is not limited to one per person.
I agree with the decisions that have been taken by the various countries.
It is possible to obtain more than one kit in all of these countries.
Mr Duisenberg referred to 'frontloading' , which is the advance circulation of low denomination notes in automatic cash machines.
In any event, I wish to point out that the existence of transitional periods is justified precisely because the entire operation will not be able to be completed immediately.
With regard to sales, the Commission takes the view that these should be delayed for two weeks so that they do not coincide with the introduction of notes and coins.
Nevertheless, this is a national decision, which must be taken by each Member State.
We have, of course, insisted on other measures, such as requiring public administrations to round down their charges or, in any event, maintaining the principle of neutrality.
Some of the positions held by the Commission have been accepted by the Eurogroup, which issued a statement on 4 June adopting these points.
Both the Commission and the European Central Bank are committed to moving ahead with reducing charges for cross-border transactions.
We are aware that this is not an easy task and that varying approaches between national and cross-border payments might give rise to some conflict with internal market legislation.
The Commission is studying potential occurrences in order to facilitate and speed up as much as possible this process of reducing cross-border charges.
1 January 2002 will mark a milestone in the history of European integration.
The whole world will be closely observing what happens in Europe.
Institutions for occupational retirement provision
This example highlights the differences between the European Parliament and the Council in dealing with Commission proposals and decisions.
Why is this directive needed?
What is this directive about?
It is principally concerned with issues around coordinating supervision, with the question of approving cross-border activity, with investment rules and with certain necessary accompanying measures.
We in the committee have come up with many suggestions for improvement.
We are convinced that with regard to the Commission proposal we have had wide-ranging discussions and taken points on board.
But let me make it clear right away that we also thought that a change in title was needed to make this clear.
This is the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on the activities and supervision of institutions offering occupational retirement provision services.
It is a financial services directive.
It is not a directive that regulates occupational retirement provision as a product taking into account the mobility of employees and all its consequences.
It regulates the activity of the companies offering financial services.
A third point of clarification is also necessary: the second pillar complements the first pillar, but is by no means a replacement for it.
Nor is it a compromise. In reality, it represents an agreement between the two sides of industry in the context of legal provisions in force between employers and employees.
It therefore has to strike a balance between liberalisation of the financial market and social security. Social security and employee information need to be accorded a special significance.
I would just like to list the key amendments.
First, we have given great emphasis to the principle of the level playing field, that is to say equal access for all providers as long as they meet the requirements.
To conclude, we have more clearly worded the issue of the country of origin principle and that of information relating to employees and employers and their representatives.
We believe that we have succeeded in striking a balance between a financial services directive and social security and that we will obtain a large majority tomorrow.
I hope that the Council will accept our proposals so that we are not blocked when it comes to implementing this directive in line with the European Parliament's decisions.
That must give the Commission food for thought, to the effect that something must be done on this score fast.
Some people believe that, when we talk about this directive, it concerns an abstract, econometric matter.
That is not the case. It concerns an essential financial directive which has major social implications, and that is what this is all about.
Millions of people are involved in one way or another in the way in which we want to give shape to our future pension system in Europe.
In this connection, the Commission was right to use three pillars as a starting point.
Here, we are regulating a major component of the second pillar.
The first pillar is currently under discussion in the Council and will also be debated in this Parliament in due course.
The third pillar has been regulated in the past.
But that is an extremely important matter, and we must very much bear in mind the specific nature of this second pillar.
The specific nature means that the social partners have an important role to play, that it remains a financial directive and that we should not mix the pillars up.
Mr President, I should like to thank everyone and hope that the Council will produce a Directive soon.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank the rapporteur, my colleague Mr Karas, for the time and the effort he has put into this report.
I am pleased to underline the fact that my ad hoc amendment has been adopted and is included in the report.
This amendment was not retained in the text but, in my opinion, the institutions for occupational retirement provision clearly cannot escape from providing adequate solutions for these situations.
We have had and we will have in the future more epic debates on the question of knowing whether supplementary pensions must include mandatory cover for biometric risks.
This will obviously incur a cost, which should not, however, be dependent on gender or an individual health check.
The Commission only tackled this problem in a statement, and not in this directive. Caution is the watchword, do you not think, Mr Bolkenstein?
Let us wait before issuing an opinion in favour of one particular model in this extremely sensitive area.
Having said this, Mr President, I think that the lights are flickering from the shock of these thoughts...
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, I should like, first of all, to welcome some visitors from Kent who we are fortunate enough to have in the gallery today.
I would also like to thank Mr Karas for all the very hard work he has done on a very difficult report.
We have to bear in mind that what we are creating here is an optional scheme for companies and financial service providers to take advantage of if they want to.
If we do not create an attractive framework, this directive will be a dead letter because no one will use it.
So where would we lose out if companies decided that they were not going to bother to use this directive?
We would lose out largely on the prudent investor principle.
Private sector estimates put the increase in the return on savings that could result from using the prudent investment principle at up to 3%.
Pension assets could be around 21% larger across the European Union if we had been using the prudent investor principle already.
What we have here is the potential for increased return on savings without increased risk.
That is a very real and practical benefit to the people who elected us to serve in this House on their behalf.
That is a benefit that we should not throw away by piling into this directive overly prescriptive details, for example, on authorisation, on biometric risk, on guarantees.
We need to take a pragmatic approach in order to gain those benefits of an increased return for our savers in a first attempt at defusing the pensions time-bomb.
Mr President, I would like to take this opportunity to make a couple of fundamental points about the Commission's proposal for a directive.
We have said quite enough about the technical details in recent days, weeks and months - we have exchanged views, we have sometimes argued and sometimes agreed.
I would like to particularly address the Commission and the representatives of the Council.
I would especially like to say a few words to the Commission about the history of this and about the development of this directive.
As rapporteur for the resolution, I have had an opportunity to deal with both the Green Paper and the Commission communication on the results of the consultation.
As I see it, you have either done a U-turn or you were only concerned about the internal market for financial services all along.
Your intention now is to give the financial market pride of place.
You are shifting this issue onto totally new ground.
This would be acceptable in itself, if we were really only dealing with a pure financial market directive.
It is already easy to get the impression that a large part of the Commission's text bears the hallmarks of lobbyists.
I regard the similarities with the finance sector's proposals as a great cause for concern.
I would also like to take this opportunity to give a brief indication of the main themes underpinning our actions in relation to the Karas report in recent months.
Security of occupational pensions is the top priority for us.
In this respect we are responsible for something that we wish to establish, something that, at the end of the day, must work and must benefit our citizens.
Permit me to make a few more comments on the subject of registration and authorisation.
Does the institution have to be authorised before it starts its activity and be checked by the authorities, or is it just registered?
Mr Karas has made a new proposal on this, one that we shall be supporting.
Furthermore, the collective nature of the second pillar is important.
This provides a demarcation from the third pillar.
We are not just talking about any savings product here, we are talking about occupational pensions, the nature of which is totally different from speculation in blocks of shares.
We have also considered it important to achieve improvements in relation to codetermination.
However, in this case we agree with the reference to national employment law.
With regard to biometric risks, we support the rapporteur's wording.
We have executed something of an about-turn here, but I think that it is in everyone's interest for us to be able support this directive or this proposal.
In addition to these substantive points, we also regarded a number of other considerations as being important.
We parliamentarians should not let ourselves be frightened off by technocrats who say that all this would not be possible and that it would not be compatible with the treaties.
We are involved in the codecision process and have to act in line with our own views.
We are elected so that our views can act as a correcting force.
The European public expects us to ensure that law is not just made by officials and lobbyists, but rather that political decisions are chiefly made by Parliament.
Nor should we tie our own hands by arguing that it is impossible to negotiate a hundred amendments with the Council.
My message to the Council and the Commission is a clear one: stop playing about with this directive!
To some extent, there have been major differences between us over this report.
There have been heated discussions not only between the groups, but also within them.
Tomorrow we shall be voting on a text which tries to reflect all strands of opinion.
At this point, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Karas, for his work.
If the voting goes as promised, I shall be recommending that my Group votes for your report.
Mr President, I will be brief in saying that my Group had two fundamental objectives in dealing with this proposal from the Commission.
The first is to support the Commission as far as possible in its effort to keep it simple and not to include unnecessary complications such as biometric risk.
The compromise which Mr Karas has engineered in Parliament is one that we can live with.
The Commission's draft directive envisages that Member States will be able to continue to set quantitative limits on the operation of pension funds.
I am delighted that Parliament looks as if it is going to insist that there is a five-year time limit.
I very much hope that the Commissioner abandons any attempt at realpolitik, involving dirty compromises in the Council, and sticks to what is Parliament's clear desire.
We want to ensure that pensioners have high returns without any additional lack of security, applying the prudent person principle.
It will improve the investment returns to existing pension schemes and thereby improve pensions.
It will establish, for the first time, a pan-European investor base for growing and integrated euro-area financial markets.
We are faced with a situation which is well-known in the establishment of the internal market.
the problem of cover for risks as such, what are known as biometric risks: we support Amendment No 108, tabled by Mr Herzog;
the question of covering risks with capital, which relates to Article 18 of the directive: Amendment No 116, which was tabled, is, in our view, a reasonable amendment.
Mr President, the directive drawn up by the Commission contains an obvious bias.
It is concerned with using market valuation to encourage supplementary pensions.
Although the report by Mr Karas corrects this bias in places, it also makes it worse in others.
We are faced with a reference model which is primarily that of the industry of supplementary pensions in place in Great Britain and other countries.
In particular, it is not concerned with the coherence of national pension systems based on the principles of solidarity, security and universality.
We believe that this text is unacceptable unless it is subject to considerable amendment.
First of all, we must improve the guarantees given to the people.
The directive includes risks of discrimination and lapses in solidarity.
Membership of a supplementary scheme is not compulsory, which explains the considerable inequalities.
There is no provision for inter-sectoral mutualisations.
The quality of benefits will suffer if the population falls.
Continuity of membership cannot be guaranteed if mobile workers change jobs or sector.
The definition of rights does not mandatorily include biometric risks.
The guarantees of actual benefits are not organised.
And we are aware of the risks taken by those who join fixed contribution schemes, pointed out, moreover, by many well-respected macro economists.
We are proposing amendments on all these points, as well as on the second issue giving us cause for concern which is the need to improve social and prudential supervision.
The Commission is offering insurers the choice of opting for occupational pension schemes.
The Karas report strengthens this provision by casting aside government authorisation.
Lastly, prior tax harmonisation is still not included in these texts, which means we are once again opening the way to fiscal dumping.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are today faced with a key test on the way that the European Parliament perceives its responsibilities in the area of social protection.
There must be provision for proper pension protection and payments in the future.
The only way to achieve this is by coupling the different systems that are out there with the second and third pillar, as suggested by the rapporteur.
That would mean IEP 700 m per year being put into the protection of pension payments for people from the year 2025 onwards.
If more countries were willing to do this, then we would not have the same sense of urgency or danger that now faces many pensioners in Europe today.
Mr President, our public pensions systems are too expensive and have also ceased to be financeable.
The gap between those actively employed and pensioners is becoming ever greater.
Urgently needed reforms are constantly being postponed.
The cost of these systems within the Union also varies very widely.
For example, Austria devotes 15% of its GDP to pensions, making it the record holder, as the EU average is 11%.
The high costs in countries like Austria are partly attributable to the fact that we have virtually introduced a separate insurance system for each professional group.
This leads to all sorts of injustices that are no longer tenable.
However, as others have already said, there is a crisis looming in pension provision not only in Austria but all over Europe.
The public pension system can simply no longer be financed and is also becoming a burden on the younger generation.
A pan-European market for occupational retirement provision is bound to help in this regard.
However, in establishing this system, this second pillar, we should not impose an even greater burden on our small and medium-sized enterprises.
They could not tolerate a further increase in ancillary wage costs.
The consequences would be disastrous and would, above all, have a negative impact on Europe's employment situation.
The debate is adjourned until 9 p.m.
Support for national strategies for secure and lasting pensions through the open coordination method
The next item is the Commission communication - Support for national strategies for secure and lasting pensions through the open coordination method.
Today the Commission has adopted a communication entitled "Supporting national strategies for safe and sustainable pensions through an integrated approach".
Over the past two years there has been a significant change in attitudes towards European cooperation, particularly in the social field.
We can see a change in the attitude of those who are in charge of the national protection policies.
They are now agreed in calling for an open method of coordination to be applied to pensions in the long-term future.
Our proposal puts this forward as a "soft" type of policy-making at European level, that is "soft" compared with legislation or with existing policies.
I refer, in particular, to the coordination of economic policies.
It is very clear in this communication that the new open method does not replace the existing methods.
This proposal does not take away the national responsibilities of the national policy-makers.
The ambition of this communication is to promote the development of an integrated approach to the challenges imposed by ageing and societal changes in the pension systems.
What is the content of this communication?
I will expand on each of these axes.
Second is financial sustainability.
The third axis concerns the modernisation of pension systems.
According to this axis the pension systems have to be more compatible with the need for more flexible workforces.
It should also make them more transparent, predictable and adaptable to changing circumstances.
Under the heading of these three axes there are ten concrete objectives.
We - and the Social Protection Committee, which has done excellent work - are going to measure these objectives by means of indicators.
It is because of the Social Protection Committee that we have an analysis of all pension systems and the reforms that have taken place in all Member States.
The Social Protection Committee, then, is working on the economic and social indicators.
Next year we are going to adopt these indicators in order to measure the objectives.
What is the proposed procedure?
How the Member States meet the particular objectives is up to them and depends on national strategies.
The communication suggests that the Member States should submit these first national strategies by the end of summer 2002.
There will be a first joint monitoring procedure during the 2003 spring European Council.
This report on the national strategies will be based on an integrated approach, and, politically, this is the most important element of the communication.
It will be necessary to take into account, not only pension reforms in a narrow sense, but also employment policy and the management of public finances.
In order to prepare these strategies, different governmental departments will have to participate and, of course, the social partners.
Why have an integrated approach?
The need for this is based on an understanding of the interaction between pensions and other policy areas.
Employment strategy is one example.
A successful employment strategy makes it easier to finance pensions, but pension reforms can create employment incentives.
A second example is public finances.
Consolidating public finances today makes it easier to cope with the budgetary impact of ageing tomorrow, but insufficient control of pension expenditure could destabilise public finances.
Of course, there is close cooperation between the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
They are going to present a joint report and their contribution is crucial, but the European Parliament can play an important role in this process.
We wish to have your opinion on this communication and, in particular, the objectives proposed.
The more informal regular contacts between the European Parliament and the Social Protection Committee will also continue on a regular basis.
Some other modalities of cooperation may also be discussed, and I am open to any suggestions from Parliament.
In conclusion, it is politically very important that the Member States are keen on this cooperation in the field of pension reform.
This is one of the most sensitive and difficult reforms in all Member States and that is why it is of great political importance.
We believe that with this cooperation, between the Commission, the European Parliament and the Member States, we can establish a comprehensive approach.
This will be useful to the Member States and help implementation of the reforms.
Thank you, Mrs Diamantopoulou, for what I agree is a very significant statement from the Commission.
Mr President, I should like to begin by paying some compliments on the work that has been done so far.
We must not just talk about the growing burden of the elderly and the economic consequences, but also about how we obtain a good pension system.
I also think, however, that it is important that this work should not just remain work done behind closed doors between politicians, officials and experts.
The open method must be open in the true sense of the word, so that the public is also involved.
What will the Commissioner do?
Will she give an undertaking that more efforts will be made to increase public...
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, they asked me, the representative elected from the lists of the Pensioners' Party in Italy: "What are you going to Strasbourg for?
They will never talk about pensions!"
Well, the words of Commissioner Anna Diamantopoulou just now have been as sweet as honey to my ears.
I welcome this initiative: it is a great day for pensioners all over Europe!
My congratulations to Mrs Diamantopoulou and the whole of the Commission!
I hope that the Commissioner will agree with me.
Mr President, I thank the Commissioner for the statement.
I look forward to reading the communication.
It is one of the most important debates we need to have.
I have a couple of questions.
There is indeed a major demographic shift under way within the Union, and we must try to ensure that we retain older people in the labour market.
However, there is a big problem: those older people will be the people with outdated skills.
This will become essential.
Mr President, there are two main issues here.
First, the transparency of the pension systems.
One of the objectives of the third axis in the modernisation of pension systems is to make them transparent.
This means that information must be clear and readily available not only to EU citizens but also to third-country nationals.
There are major problems in this area at present.
In order to achieve the degree of transparency aimed at, we need some kind of indicators.
Clear information should be available on demand.
We cannot impose the reform structure or the structure of pension systems on Member States, but we can measure it with a series of indicators.
Unfortunately, I cannot give you any more details on this at the moment.
Second, the issue of lifelong learning and the problem of early retirement.
There is a clear link between the age limit and the need of active ageing.
The majority of Member States have an age limit of 65, but this is not the rule, it is the exception.
There are many different early retirement systems in place in all Member States which have caused many problems regarding the financial sustainability of the pension systems.
So I very much agree with you, we need this integrated approach.
We cannot just decide to increase the age limit, we must implement other policies at the same time.
In my opinion, the Belgian presidency should be very grateful for your contribution to the debate.
Commissioner, I should like to ask you two questions.
The first one concerns the objectives included in the document.
I note that the ten objectives which we adopted from the original statement have been whittled down to three.
Another aspect which I miss is the link between the pension pillars. What are the roles of the first, second and third pillars?
Those are questions which are no longer addressed here. How does the Commissioner intend to include problems of this kind in the debate at this stage?
Secondly, you were right in calling for a global approach.
Gteborg has stated that the agreements must be included in the wider economic guidelines.
That has not been provided for in the plan.
Mr President, I too agree that pension policy involves an enormous challenge.
Open coordination is naturally a positive thing and I warmly support it.
It is good that the Commission is now looking for indicators and also seeking to increase public debate on this very important issue.
Mr President, allow me to start by congratulating the Commissioner, although it would appear that I am not alone as the large majority wishes to do likewise.
Even Mr Fatuzzo, the pensioners' representative, is well pleased.
And indeed, what we have heard is impressive.
The point is: with Article 140 talking of a high level of protection, what can reform mean if it does not maintain a high level of protection?
But, mainly, I wanted to raise two questions. We talk of decent pensions through complementary pillars.
So far so good.
Of course, one of these objectives is the one you referred to, i.e. the inter-generational balance.
There will be many more indicators, including indicators on the economic and social dimension.
They will, of course, be the subject of discussion in both the Commission and the Council and, as you know, the Social Protection Committee and Parliament are in constant communication.
As far as the role of the guidelines on employment are concerned, I did not quite understand your question.
We shall see how we can take the issue of quality or issues relating to older workers into account at the changeover.
But what is clear is that we need to safeguard decent pensions, which is why the role of the first pillar is very important.
Mr President, young people are particularly affected by pensions since, after all, they contribute to pensions during their working life and subsequently benefit from those pensions.
I wish to ask you a question and perhaps make a small suggestion.
The focus of the Commission' s action will be an annual report assessing the various national strategies.
Mr President, I want to concur entirely with my colleagues' praise of the Commission' s initiative.
It is splendid, and the Commission is right in what it says.
I assume that you will confirm this, and I believe that doing so will be incredibly important in the forthcoming debate in our respective Member States.
It is up to the Member States to make the public aware of the problem, given that the extent of the problem varies from one Member State to another.
As far as the second question is concerned, first: these reports cannot be annual reports and they will cover longer periods of time.
So what we are trying to do is to support the national structures so that they operate to the same standards.
The third question concerns the question of harmonised pensions.
I think that I really need to be categorical and absolute here.
I refer, of course, to the example of Denmark.
These are problems common to all countries.
We also have common objectives.
The common objectives are sustainable pensions, the financial sustainability of pensions, both state and private, and the modernisation of pensions, as I set out in my initial intervention.
Common grounds and common objectives bring about a form of collaboration in which everyone keeps their particular structures and quirks but collaborates within an overall framework.
Thank you once again, Commissioner, for making that significant statement here this afternoon and I am sure all colleagues will wish you every success with this difficult dossier.
Question Time (Commission)
The next item is 'Question Time' (B5- 0329/2001).
We shall look at questions to the Commission.
Part 1
Question No 27 by (H-0541/01):
Does the Commission not agree that this delay causes serious difficulties for the ACP, and means that there has been a serious failure to honour a critical commitment?
So where do we stand today in the implementation of the project?
The committee evaluating the tenders will consist of three members designated by the ACP Secretariat and three members designated by the Commission.
This committee will decide which companies will participate in the tender for the programme management unit.
I expect that this programme management unit will be in place by December this year at the latest; with some luck, a couple of weeks before.
This would keep us within the original time schedule foreseen for the implementation of the project.
The project will not be fully operational before the programme management unit is up and running.
It includes seminars on capacity building sessions of the ACP Ministerial Trade Committee for negotiations of new, WTO-compatible, trading arrangements with the EU.
Two sessions of this kind have taken place, one in Johannesburg on 10 and 11 April 2001 and a second one in Brussels on 13 and 14 May.
So all these action-oriented seminars are actually in the process of taking place.
But I understand well why the question has been put.
Mr President, I should like to thank the Commissioner very much.
I understand the Commissioner's difficulty in explaining why this has happened.
I wanted to ask you specifically: is the Commission prepared to be flexible about the start time, end time and terms of these negotiations?
The short answer is 'no'.
The dates involved are negotiated dates.
As the author is not present, Question No 28 lapses.
Question No 29 by (H-0539/01):
In particular does the Commission have any information on Skender Ferizi, Besim Zymberi and Bedri Kukalai, in prison since the Dubrava massacre in Kosova in May 1999?
The Commission very much welcomes the recent release of a significant number of Kosovar Albanian prisoners.
This does not, however, diminish the need for a speedy resolution of the remaining 203 cases currently before the Serbian courts and which these courts are reviewing.
The Commission has raised with the ICRC the cases of the three individuals mentioned in the honourable Member's question.
We are awaiting a reply.
We do not have any other information concerning their cases.
The International Committee of the Red Cross is following the condition of individual prisoners as well as maintaining contact with their families.
The Belgrade authorities have informed UNMIK and Mr Haekkerup, most recently during the UN Security Council delegation visit to Belgrade.
The cases of the remaining prisoners currently being reviewed should be finalised soon.
We understand that they are considering a proposal from UNMIK that those deemed criminals should serve their remaining sentences in prisons in Kosovo.
In fact, relations visiting or trying to visit these prisoners have been subjected to intimidation.
No normal process of law has been put into effect against them.
I congratulate the honourable Member for acting so vigorously on behalf of his constituents.
I very much hope that the prisoners to whom he has referred will be able either to join or see their relations in Ireland as soon as possible.
The honourable Member knows that I have regularly raised the question of the prisoners with President Kostunica and other senior officials in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
I hope the Federal Republic will actively consider handing over to UNMIK those who are legitimately convicted to continue their sentences in prisons in Kosovo.
We will continue to press with this issue.
It is very important.
It raises considerable humanitarian concerns in Ireland and other Member States.
Question No 30 by (H-0546/01):
Will the Commission report now to the Parliament concerning what progress was made and what are the next steps?
Second part
Preparatory work has progressed well since then.
The necessary structures are being established in the Council, including a police unit in the Council secretariat.
The ESDP report to Gteborg contains a police action plan, which sets out the next steps in the process.
A ministerial conference will be held by the end of 2001 at which the Faro commitments should be turned into specific pledges.
The Commission is being supportive of the efforts of Member States in creating this crisis management capacity, for example with the funding of training projects through the OISIN programme.
The Commission has also become more involved over recent years in local capacity building and police reform in post-conflict situations.
Just to give some examples, the Commission is funding major initiatives for reform in justice and home affairs, including police, in a number of Balkan countries under the CARDS programme.
In that context, the Commission will take over the WEU police mission in Albania.
Furthermore, the Commission has recently started a programme of support to police training in Algeria.
I wish to thank my friend, the Commissioner, whom I have always found very helpful.
This was an extremely full and helpful reply.
I am sure that Parliament is most appreciative.
One matter surprised me a little, although I will read his reply in detail to study it, and this is the police unit set up within the Council.
The honourable Member invites me to dig deep into the soil of competence and its related terrain.
The provision, deployment and management of EU police officers for external crisis management missions is a competence of the Member States and the Council secretariat.
I would not dare to trespass on what is legitimately the territory of Member States, but there is a role and a responsibility for the Commission.
I described how we have considerable experience in the field of police training.
There is an important role for the Commission, but it is not the role of a sixteenth Member State.
Will the Commissioner advise me whether these policemen will be, or can be, armed and what their terms of engagement might be?
That will need to be determined case-by-case and situation-by-situation.
Let me explain one of the problems we have in providing the policing capacity which is needed.
What we are looking for is not a conventional community police officer.
In the country I know best there are very few police forces who have that sort of capacity, which includes the regular use of arms.
The police service in Northern Ireland is an example of a service which has that sort of all-round capacity.
That is one reason why it is difficult to provide exactly what is required, but whether or not arms will always be necessary will depend on the circumstances.
I hope that the success of policing will mean that arms, increasingly, are not required.
Questions to Commissioner Lamy
Question No 31 by (H-0540/01):
Mr President, the European Union recognises that the lack of affordably priced medicines is a serious problem in many developing countries, particularly for the poorest people in these countries.
We also believe that intellectual property rights are essential for encouraging creativity and innovation.
In our opinion, they also encourage investment in research and the development of new medicines.
The TRIPs agreement, a WTO agreement on intellectual property, should not, therefore, be a barrier it should be part of the solution that you are looking for.
Criticism of this agreement is generally based on the fact that it would limit the political options in developing countries in the area of public health.
Our position focuses, in the main, on one key point.
We believe that the agreement allows WTO members sufficient scope to put in place an intellectual property regime that is able to meet their concerns in terms of public health.
This is also why we supported the request from African countries to bring up the question of access to medicines at the WTO.
This debate took place at the last Council meeting held on 20 June 2001.
We believe that these concerns regarding public health can, legitimately, be considered as good grounds for granting a compulsory licence.
Another issue is that of respecting procedural restrictions.
Our position on this point is, therefore, constructive.
This group of countries also stressed that the use of compulsory licensing was a crucial instrument for putting in place these public health policies and giving wider access to medicines.
Lastly, they believed it was necessary to look into extending temporary provisions to implement this agreement.
According to the information available to us, none of the WTO members have yet requested a debate on reducing the term of patents.
The patent term is currently set at 20 years and further negotiation of the agreement would be needed in order to change this requirement.
The same is true with regard to the idea of a moratorium on possible trade disputes, which is not permitted under the current agreement.
We shall continue to discuss this issue in a constructive manner.
The TRIPs Council will be holding further meetings in July and September.
Thank you very much for your answer, Commissioner, but you say that the present provisions allow an interpretation.
This implies that it is the Commission's interpretation and that the provisions might be interpreted otherwise.
Does the Commission believe that existing transition periods and other provisions give developing countries sufficient flexibility to implement the TRIPs Agreement?
You said that you do not believe that we should enter into new negotiations.
The first of these three points relates to the interpretation of the TRIPs agreement.
Therefore, this certainly shows political will.
The second point on transition periods has not, as far as I know, been the subject of any requests.
The third and final point concerns the length of patents protection.
In this case, we believe that the current length of patents protection again provides an adequate balance between the need to preserve intellectual property and public health requirements.
I believe our position on this point to be effective.
We are among those who draw attention to the issue of access to medicines.
The product then still has to be launched and another 20 years must elapse before third parties can manufacture it.
Companies would be able to supply medicines at more favourable prices if volume purchasing applied.
So my question is whether the Commission could take an initiative in this area.
That is a very good question.
Tiered pricing involves a pharmaceutical laboratory reducing the prices that we pay on our markets by around 10% for countries such as Africa, for example, whilst still owning its patent.
Question No 32 by (H-0571/01):
Subject: Testing cosmetics on animals and the WTO Under WTO rules, imported products must be treated the same as 'like products' of domestic origin.
In past cases of dispute, a decision is based on the end product and not the way a product is produced.
Questions to Commissioner Solbes
This question relates to the testing of cosmetics on animals and considering the issue in the context of the WTO.
The Commission shares Parliament' s objective of improving animal welfare and we fully acknowledge that placing restrictions on animal testing would contribute to the achievement of this objective.
This could, in fact, provoke a reaction.
We should be aware that, until now, animal testing is the only method used in most countries to assess the safety of products intended for consumption, particularly cosmetics.
This is the purpose of the proposal that the Commission made in order to ban animal testing within the European Union.
In our opinion it is the acceptance of alternative testing methods by the international community that will provide the most effective contribution to animal welfare.
We are committed to encouraging the use of in vitro cosmetic testing, particularly within the OECD in order to move forward in this direction.
There are many issues to be considered in this matter such as extra-territoriality and proportionality of this and many others measures.
In other words, production methods and processes cannot be taken into consideration when coming to a decision on the issue of a product' s identity.
We therefore believe that any defence against an attack based on a product' s identity has little, or hardly any, chance of succeeding at the World Trade Organisation.
We believe that this situation - meaning rules which allow measures on production methods to be established only within strict limits - is far from satisfactory.
This applies to the WTO' s current legislation.
This is the reason why we hope to be able to include these issues in the agenda of the next round of WTO negotiations.
If current legislation can be changed - and we hope that we are able to clarify it in this area - then so much the better.
As the texts currently stand, there is a risk that disputes will arise.
I take it from you that it is very unlikely that any agreement could be reached.
So I take it that you are telling us we are going down a path that could lead to near disaster.
Have you tried to quantify the potential for retaliation against European industry of other injured parties, and what that could mean in terms of lost jobs in Europe?
Mr Purvis, it is my job to handle the trade disputes that we are currently involved in.
It is preferable that I avoid disputes altogether.
I am sure you have a good understanding of the risk.
The proof of this, in fact, is that we are now discussing the implications that all this will have on sanctions.
In general, the amount of sanctions is assessed by considering the volume of trade affected.
They target others, since sanctions are chosen by the party who wins the dispute at the WTO.
Has there been any discussion on this?
Can you shed any more light on this reference of yours?
Do you believe this is a possibility?
If you want to run this risk, do so.
I will handle it.
Incidentally, I believe that there are more intelligent, less risky ways of resolving this issue.
In particular, we could consider a compromise solution between our proposal to ban testing and your position to ban marketing, in other words, that of labelling requirements.
From the point of view of international trade legislation, these requirements present less of a risk than a ban on marketing.
If we could move in this direction, in order to bring together both our points of view, I believe that we would avoid provoking useless disputes.
We hope to move in this direction since we are relatively isolated at the moment.
This is our position.
We will do everything that we can so that this issue is placed on the agenda of the next round of negotiations, so that progress can be made.
I make no secret of the fact that, at the moment, our position is hardly shared at all in other parts of the world.
From this perspective, it is quite straightforward.
In general, the principles which apply are those of non-discrimination and of proportionality and the national treatment principle.
These are the principles that we wish to see taken into account in the agenda on the environment at the negotiations, especially everything which relates to the precautionary principle.
We have some way to go before this can be done.
There are risks in what we are doing within the European Union - in some cases, perhaps - with regard to existing laws which are considered to be excessive.
This is the situation at the current time.
We are aware of your concerns in this area.
We support them, particularly from an ethical standpoint.
I cannot hide the fact that, as things currently stand, some of your plans will pose serious problems from the WTO' s point of view.
Question No 33 by (H-0565/01):
Subject: Greek stability and development programme As the current economic outlook grows bleaker, the Member States are naturally revising the targets set out in their stability and development programmes.
Moreover, Commissioner Solbes Mira has stated that a 3% economic growth rate in the eurozone countries is very high.
In the Commission's view, what impact could failure to achieve these targets have on employment and the balance of public finances in Greece?
The Commission forecasts take account of shrinking world demand in the first few months of the year and therefore differ from those given by the Greek authorities.
Nevertheless, contrary to what might appear to be the case, the macroeconomic forecasts of the Commission' s stability programme are worse than the Greek forecasts.
For the moment, there are no grounds to believe that the medium-term prospects for the stability programme are any less valid.
We, as the Commission, will soon be initiating work on the autumn forecasts and for the moment do not envisage making significant changes in the case of Greece.
According to recent announcements by the Greek authorities, given the new, less favourable, international climate, the national forecasts will be adjusted more towards the Commission' s spring forecasts.
Thank you, Commissioner.
I should just like to correct your last finding: I do not foresee any deterioration in the situation and, may I say, nor do I wish for one.
I am just a little concerned by what I see.
You say that the programme will be updated at the end of the year.
You have no official data.
At least those of us who read the statistics do not.
If you have some other statistics, then maybe things are different.
This was the thrust of my question.
I think this updating exercise should already have begun.
I shall endeavour to reply to this second point.
Unemployment continues to fall.
For the moment, therefore, we continue to be relatively optimistic about developments in this field.
With regard to the issue of public finances, it is true that the less favourable economic climate might have some impact.
Italy is included in both groups.
The remaining countries are Germany, France and Portugal where deficit is concerned and Greece and Belgium in the case of national debt.
Question No 34 by (H-0578/01):
Mr President, I will try to respond to Mr Posselt with a degree of detail.
Firstly, I would point out to him that the Commission is not responsible for the introduction of notes and coins.
However, with regard to the changeover process, we must distinguish between activities within the eurozone and those outside it.
Within the eurozone, it is the central banks and the mints, or the Finance Ministries, who have decided on the changeover plans.
Outside the eurozone, it is considered basically as a commercial activity and it is left to the whim of the market.
In the former Yugoslavia there are three different cases: Bosnia-Herzegovina, Kosovo and Montenegro.
In the case of Bosnia-Herzegovina, we are talking about a currency board with a national currency linked to the Mark with an exchange rate of 1 to 1.
However, it is the case that that currency belongs to Bosnia-Herzegovina and will not undergo any change in itself.
With regard to Kosovo, there is a significant level of possession of physical currency.
It is an economy where the currency circulation is based on notes which are not normally from the area and which, in particular, are not from the Mark zone.
There is a specific problem of how to change these Marks which are circulating into euro notes and coins.
According to my information, the German Central Bank, which, at the time, became aware of this situation, is thinking about which solution to adopt for this type of situation.
The problem of Montenegro is similar.
Commissioner, thank you very much for your very helpful and detailed reply.
I would just like to ask a supplementary question.
In both cases it is perfectly justified to possess these holdings.
And there is no problem in changing these holdings into the new euro, via their commercial banks, via the European banks which have branches or subsidiaries in the area.
Certain different cases are raised: the possible existence of European currency on unofficial or black-market networks.
There must clearly not be any favourable treatment for this type of situation.
When quantities are exchanged which do not reach the limits of the directive on money laundering, the exchange may take place without requesting identification of the holder of the funds.
However, in my opinion, when the quantities are high and exceed those laid down, identification should be demanded.
You have raised a different problem.
Since this requirement is going to be maintained, is it not possible that some of these holdings will move to the dollar.
Thank you very much, Mr Solbes, for your answers today.
I imagine that there will still be some Members waiting for you in the corridors to continue asking you to predict the future.
But I thank you for your intervention.
Questions to Mr Monti
Question No 35 by (H-0535/01):
Subject: Competition In 1996, a complaint was lodged with the Commission's Competition DG concerning abuse of a dominant position by the port of Helsingborg.
The complainants, two of three shipping companies which use the port, considered that excessive fees were charged because of this dominant position.
Pending a decision, one of the two companies has paid only half the amount of fees for using the port.
The port of Helsingborg, therefore, now has a claim of SEK 240 million (approximately EUR 26 million) on the company.
Almost five years since the complaint was lodged, the parties are still awaiting a decision from the Competition DG.
Notification has been promised several times but as yet nothing has been forthcoming.
The consequence of the delay is that two small companies do not know what financial parameters they have to work within.
Is it reasonable for parties to have to wait almost five years for the Commission to take a decision?
As Mr Stenmarck mentioned, two complaints were indeed lodged in 1997 alleging abuse of a dominant position by the port of Helsingborg.
The complaints have been under active investigation by the Commission since that time.
This case raises many complex factual and legal issues and the markets involved have potentially changed significantly in the light of the opening of the resund bridge in July 2000.
The Commission is fully aware of the situation of the parties.
If there is no settlement, the Commission will continue its investigation with a view to completing this as soon as possible.
I first want to thank the Commissioner for his reply.
This has not been promised by the Commission, which is why I cannot say that I am satisfied with the reply.
It is an issue of fundamental significance that excessive fees have been charged by a port which, it has been alleged, has a dominant position.
I think it is unreasonable for it to take over five years for the Commission to make a decision.
I would therefore put the question to the Commission: When is a final decision likely to be forthcoming?
Yes, it has been a long period.
I agree with you about that.
On the other hand, as I am sure you are aware, this case is very complex.
From a factual point of view, the Commission has to take into consideration the evolution of the port's activity over almost a ten-year period.
The market itself, which is at the core of any competition analysis, is very difficult to determine.
It depends on the type of traffic considered: foot passengers, cars, transportation of goods and so on.
In addition, as I mentioned a moment ago, the situation has changed greatly with the opening of the resund bridge last year.
In addition, to make things more complex, there is no direct precedent.
This explains why, as Mr Stenmarck underlines, this decision is eagerly awaited.
The Commission is in the process of analysing, in particular, the consequences of the opening of the bridge on the definition of the markets.
All parties concerned will be asked to contribute all relevant information.
The case is being given top priority and will be resolved as soon as possible.
But I cannot, at this stage, indicate a time or possible outcome.
That will depend on the facts.
Question No 36 by (H-0537/01):
Does the Commission in fact intend to open such proceedings?
This decision was the subject of a press release issued on the same day, 20 June.
The text of the decision, without the confidential information, will be published in Spanish in the Official Journal of the European Communities.
That was a disproportionate attack against me by the President of the region, Mr Zaplana, for having put this question.
And that is not acceptable, Commissioner.
Thank you very much, Mr Berenguer.
I do not believe that you have asked a question, but Mr Monti can always reply to your 'non-question' .
I wanted these facts to be seen outside the context of the more political comments that Mr Berenguer Fuster made earlier.
I would like to add that this complaint is insignificant compared to the original complaint submitted to the Commission.
In fact, the plaintiff has constantly made further complaints as the project for the theme park has progressed.
The Commission received 18 successive letters from the plaintiff in relation to the project.
In answer to Mr Berenguer Fuster, I mentioned why the Commission opened proceedings so as to provide Parliament with a more detailed framework.
In the question submitted by Mr Gasliba i Bhm, there is a slightly more general reference to the rationale of monitoring State funding.
In this case, one might well wonder why the Commission believes that the funding given to a theme park such as Tierra Mtica can affect intra-Community trade.
In fact, the Commission believes that large theme parks like Tierra Mtica are much like other tourist destinations, and this affects - or might potentially affect - tourist numbers.
On the other hand, these theme parks are an added tourist attraction for the area where they are built.
Moreover, the Commission has already adopted several decisions with regard to State funding for theme parks as well as other tourist investment projects such as hotels or marinas.
Lastly, in the present case, even the advertisement for the theme park explains how to find the location from abroad.
Now is not the time, however, to pre-empt the outcome of the inquiry in any way.
Question No 37 by (H-0551/01):
This announcement has also been interpreted as the possible introduction of a ceiling as a first step towards reducing the limit to 30 per cent.
These reports have appeared at the same time as the Commission continues to avow its intention to guarantee linguistic and cultural diversity and equality within the EU.
Film production in Europe differs from that in the USA in regard to the large number of languages in the EU.
Against that background, producing films in the small Member States, such as my own country Sweden, without any support at all, is in many cases financially impossible.
According to that decision this limit does not apply to difficult and low-budget films.
In practice, the 50% aid intensity criterion constitutes a benchmark that can be exceeded on genuine cultural grounds.
I would like to thank Commissioner Monti for his clarifying reply.
This issue has aroused great interest in cultural circles and among representatives of the film industry in Sweden.
As one man and one woman, people have reacted to the way this could possibly be interpreted with regard to linguistic and cultural diversity in small Member States.
.
I am happy to provide further information in response to Mr Sacrdeus' question.
Accordingly, the Commission does not wish to impose any particular model under the review.
It is to be noted that in the absence of territorialisation, the 50% aid intensity criterion becomes irrelevant.
The Commission might consider applying exceptions to the 50% aid criterion if such a limit would make cultural production impossible.
The Commission has already established an exception for difficult low-budget films.
Question No 38 by (H-0557/01):
Subject: Sharing third-generation mobile phone networks with rivals The Commission is at the moment contemplating what position to take concerning the idea of sharing infrastructure in third-generation mobile phone networks.
At this stage, the Commission has stated that telecommunications companies might breach EC competition rules if they choose to share infrastructure with their rivals.
The European Investment Bank has also stated that it will take competition concerns over mobile phone networks into account when deciding whether to finance third-generation projects.
When will the Commission state its position on this very important matter?
Is the Commission aware of the EIB's plans and does it think that competition concerns should be taken into account when making decisions on EIB funding?
Thank you, Ms Kauppi, for this extremely interesting and timely question.
This view has been expressed in the Commission communication on the introduction of third generation mobile communications in the European Union that was adopted on 20 March 2001.
Certain forms of networking infrastructure sharing, notably site and mast sharing, could greatly contribute to reducing the environmental impact of network deployment.
Some operators may choose to engage in network infrastructure sharing within a limited geographical area, while others may opt for full geographical coverage.
The Commission has already had some preliminary discussions with national regulators on the competition law issues raised by network-sharing.
At this stage, the Commission can only require parties to ensure that when they conclude network-sharing agreements, competition among themselves and with third parties is not restricted or affected.
Any restriction of competition could be tolerated only if it brought benefits to consumers and fulfilled all the other conditions set out in Article 81(3) of the Treaty.
In any event, the freedom of contracting parties to disengage from their network-sharing cooperation and deploy their own networks in areas where they previously shared infrastructure should be preserved.
Finally, as regards the EIB, the Commission is aware of the Bank's intention of taking account of competition considerations in assessing projects for loans.
Mr President, it is always good to put the final question at question time.
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his excellent answer. I was very pleased that the Commission takes a positive view of network sharing.
At the moment the different ways in which this can be achieved are still open.
You also referred to the Commission possibly providing specific guidelines on this issue, should the need arise.
Is this your final opinion?
As you underlined yourself, Ms Kauppi, the Commission has an open attitude on this issue, provided that the competition rules are respected.
What needs to be made clear is that network sharing is subject to the same rules of competition law as other forms of cooperation or collaboration among competitors.
It would be wrong if operators believed that network sharing deserves different treatment under competition law provisions.
Since the time allotted to Questions to the Commission has elapsed, Questions Nos 39 to 77 will be replied to in writing.
That concludes Questions to the Commission.
(The sitting was suspended at 7.20 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m.)
Institutions for occupational retirement provision
Mr President, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the parties involved, and especially our rapporteur, for the constructive approach he has taken.
Mr Karas has done a remarkable job with this proposal for a directive.
The sustainability of pensions will be one of the biggest challenges which our societies will have to face in the coming decades.
Occupational retirement provisions will play an important role in this connection in many Member States.
The question of whether the coverage of biometric risks should be made mandatory has been one of the biggest issues for Parliament.
I will concentrate on that issue.
I should like to point out a few reasons why the coverage of biometric risks or guarantees should be kept optional.
Firstly, beneficiaries in many Member States already have cover for these risks via separate insurance products.
Citizens should not be forced to pay twice for cover they do not need.
Secondly, biometric risk cover is expensive and this expense is passed on to the beneficiaries.
Mandatory biometric risk cover will cost each citizen, at a conservative estimate, around 1-3% of annual returns per year.
Compounded over a 40-year savings period this could significantly reduce overall scheme returns.
Thirdly, mandatory biometric risk cover will also damage the level playing field by providing an advantage to insurance providers.
The European citizen will benefit if he or she can choose from a wide variety of providers.
Fourthly, I fully agree with some of the previous speakers.
If we want to promote the second pillar we need to get employers excited about the new rules.
If the rules are too restrictive and costly to the company they will probably have no voluntary supplementary scheme at all.
Finally, I say to Mr Kuckelkorn that we cannot secure something which does not exist.
The worst case scenario for beneficiaries is that there are no flourishing second pillar pensions at all.
Security can only come after that.
Mr President, Mr Karas, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to thank you, Mr Karas, very sincerely for your work, and in particular for essentially making bricks without straw.
In the world of politics, we sometimes find ourselves dealing with "deceptive packaging".
There is nothing new about that.
In the field of consumer protection, the term "deceptive packaging" is used when the content is not what it says on the label.
The Council - sometimes working in conjunction with the Commission - has recently adopted the image of a product counterfeiter.
I am quite deliberately saying product counterfeiter, rather than refer to a peddler of phoney products, which sounds very harsh.
It is a similar story with the product assessment of occupational retirement provision systems, the second pillar of the pension system.
Unfortunately, the key features of a comprehensive second pillar in the pension system have scarcely been taken into account here.
It is not difficult to imagine what that could mean.
With these comments, I recommend that if the voting goes as promised earlier you should vote in favour.
I would particularly like to focus on two aspects which I think are missing.
With regard to pensions, it is the issue of security which is crucial to people.
There should at least be a value guarantee whereby the contributed capital can be paid out even if it does not grow or increase.
For example, what happens if these pension funds become insolvent or bankrupt or cannot fulfil their commitments?
The report does not contain a single word about this.
It is almost even stranger that another important aspect is missing.
In that case, they will face many problems with regard to pensions.
It is currently very difficult to accrue pension rights earned consecutively in different countries.
How should this be done?
No answer is given to this question.
In many countries, long qualification periods are applied.
How will this be handled in a mobile labour market?
Many countries have regulations involving double taxation. How will this be solved?
There are a number of such questions.
Mr President, today, we are, in fact, disregarding the three countries that have already realised their pension systems, to address the Member States with predominantly pay-as-you-go systems.
Out of anxiety about this Directive, France has even, in great haste, included a few small pension funds in the first pillar.
In the corridors, it appears that Member States know very well that their pensions are not sustainable.
But with the elections just around the corner, the P-word has become taboo.
However, their citizens have known for a long time what the score is.
The UK, the Netherlands and Ireland consider the events that are unfolding in countries such as Germany, France and Italy with suspicion.
According to the Treaty, we do not carry each other' s debts.
A nave thought.
Inflation will rise, our carefully saved pensions will melt away quickly, and in so far as they are welfare- and inflation-proof, they will get us into major difficulty.
Government leaders have put pensions on their agendas.
Member States have followed suit and monitored each other.
That is anything but sufficient.
We must be far more critical of Member States which do not make sufficient provision within their national debts and budgets for dealing with demographic problems.
Those problems will not only affect pensions, but will also dominate labour markets and the health and building sectors.
Commissioner, I should like to ask you how long it will be before the generation of Europeans that work where work exists can have portable pensions?
Help has now been given to financial markets.
All that remains is to help the people. What are your plans in that connection?
Mr President, this morning Mr Karas said that there will be a large majority in favour.
I will not be part of that majority.
My criticisms relate above all to two issues.
The first is this: are occupational pension schemes in the EU to be subject to Community-wide competition?
That implies enormous risks in old age.
The second major problem is this one-sided orientation towards financial markets.
Everything that can be said has already been said about that.
As I see it, this has more to do with the present and future of Europe's capital markets than it has with the future of pensions.
The scope for maintaining and updating legal pensions systems based on solidarity has not been used to the full in any Member State of the European Union.
However, what we really need is European coordination of occupational pension systems, as is already the case with legal pension insurance systems.
That problem has not been solved here.
I will put it in Aristotelian terms.
Major premise: in Spain there are funds without legal personality, established for the payment of retirement benefits.
Minor premise: these funds are administrated by certain entities which do have legal personality.
Conclusion: these entities must be subject to the same conditions and requirements as bodies which play identical roles in other countries and which do have legal personality.
Mr Karas and I have prepared amendments which he will lay out tomorrow orally, which I hope will solve this problem.
The second issue I would like to refer to has been mentioned by some speakers; it relates to the fiscal problems raised by these funds.
The proposal for a directive does not say a word about it, because that is not its purpose.
There is a Commission communication of 19 April which deals with the problems caused by fiscal obstacles for crossborder pensions.
I know that the Commissioner will ask me to approach the States, but I only have a voice in this Parliament and only he can be my interlocutor.
The inability to ensure that old people live a retirement that is free from material concerns is one of the most striking examples of a self-indulgent society.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
I always greatly admire the attention you pay to detail when you are informing Parliament why the Commission cannot accept certain things.
The debate is closed.
The debate will take place on Wednesday at 12 noon.
Solvency margin for insurance undertakings
The next item is the joint debate on the following two reports:
Mr President, Commissioner, the Commission has presented two proposals for directives with a view to changing the legislation governing life and non-life insurance companies.
I would like to comment on both proposals at the same time, as the two have a great deal in common.
The solvency margin is the additional capital reserve that insurance companies have to create as a buffer against unforeseen events.
Higher solvency margins or risk buffers not only increase confidence in the performance of insurance companies, they also generally reduce system-related risks on the financial markets.
Efficient, viable insurance companies do much to enable the opportunities of the single market to be perfected and exploited to the full.
These directives establish a basic framework of binding stipulations and checks and allow national legislators to adopt provisions going beyond that degree of regulation.
The same preventive supervision is likewise set out in "Basel II". This document was put forward by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of the Bank for International Settlements.
The Commission proposals relating to smaller mutual associations should be endorsed.
These mutual associations in many cases operate purely at local or regional level, and they will be able to continue these activities.
This will absolutely guarantee that these associations are able to survive, and it will be for individual associations to extend their area of business or otherwise.
Both proposals for directives are to some extent interim measures chiefly involving changes of a technical nature.
The Commission will be submitting a further "Solvency II" package in which it will revise overall regulation of this sector in the longer term.
Things will no doubt hot up then!
The "Solvency I" package before us today should therefore be endorsed, particularly as this is in the interest of the public and of policyholders.
The sooner we can implement these interim measures the better.
The reports before us therefore already reflect the common position so that it would be possible to adopt both directives at first reading.
I hope that will be possible - it depends on your steadfastness and your capacity for raising objections, Commissioner.
Permit me to make one final observation on the procedure itself.
This particularly applies to fast-track codecision procedures.
This procedure requires flexibility, something that has largely been absent, chiefly at Council level. This is not the first time I have had to say that.
Codecision means more than just one side having to be flexible.
This criticism applies not only to the Council, but also to you, Commissioner, although somewhat less so in this case, and somewhat more in the previous one.
This kind of attitude towards codecision in this sector can only impair the deepening of the European Union or integration.
We also need to reflect upon the ability of our decision-making processes to function properly. Certainly we need to do some thinking in the wake of the Irish referendum.
With those concluding remarks, I urge you to vote for both reports.
Mr President, I speak in two capacities, first on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Their rapporteur, Mr Ripoll y Martnez de Bedoya, unfortunately cannot be with us this evening.
The Legal Affairs Committee approved the proposal and had no comment to make on it.
Secondly, speaking on behalf of my Group about Mr Ettl's report, I would like to congratulate him on the work he has done.
He has done a good job and clearly worked very hard on this.
As Mr Ettl has said, these are largely technical updates, but still important.
We have not had a revision of these directives for nearly 20 years, so we are engaging in a bit of a fine-tuning exercise to modernise and update them.
Like Mr Ettl, I will address the two simultaneously as they raise similar issues.
There will be increased competition, increased consumer choice and lower prices in financial products which the financial services action plan can deliver, if we manage to get it right.
That is a principle which is, and should remain, at the heart of the legislation we adopt in this area.
What we are doing here is essentially a warm-up for Solvency II.
The more wide-ranging reform in this area will come with Solvency II.
Nonetheless we need to ensure that we get the minor amendments properly sorted out before embarking on the more wide-ranging reform which we will see in the Solvency II regulation.
Particularly welcome are the efforts to match regulatory capital more closely with risk profile.
This is a principle we have also seen operating in the proposals on capital adequacy and solvency margins in relation to bank and investment companies.
The same arguments can equally well apply here in that we are encouraging prudent risk management and rewarding those that manage and reduce risk.
I am pleased to see a reference to the use of external ratings removed - it was initially proposed by the rapporteur.
We do not necessarily want to rule this out forever, but it is premature to introduce it in this context.
It is something we should consider in relation to Solvency II, but it needs more thought and discussion before we can introduce external ratings in this context.
The similar compromise on future profits was also very sensible.
We are going to see the use of future profits phased out over an eight- or nine-year period, which will give the industry time to adapt to the new conditions.
That is the only way we will get healthy competition.
Finally, I should like to comment on the timing.
It is clear that there is general agreement that we should get on with these reforms as quickly as possible.
Mr Ettl did a very good job in coordinating with the other two institutions.
Like him, I very much hope that we can sort this out at first reading.
I thank Mr Ettl for the work he has done on this.
Mr President, it is a real pleasure for me to respond to Parliament on behalf of the Commission.
The solvency margin is perhaps a somewhat more complicated - a technical, even dry - subject, but it is of very practical and real importance.
It is to protect insurance policy holders by requiring insurance companies to hold extra regulatory capital to act as a buffer against unfortunate circumstances.
The Commission's proposals are to strengthen and update existing rules which, as has been mentioned tonight, have been in force for almost 25 years.
I am pleased to note that the amendments before Parliament are entirely in line with the thrust of the Commission's proposals.
The same goes for the requirement for the Commission's report to examine how national supervisory authorities have made use of their enhanced powers of supervision.
Those amendments are very useful improvements to the original Commission proposal.
In this regard I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Ettl, and the shadow rapporteur, Mrs Villiers, for their efforts and contributions to the preparations of the two reports.
I am happy to be able to inform Parliament that all Parliament's proposed amendments are acceptable to the Commission.
It is my own personal hope that their efforts will be rewarded and that this proposed legislation will indeed be adopted with a single reading.
It is fair to say that this report has been a good example of successful cooperation between our two institutions.
The Commission has an ambitious financial services programme which can bring many real and tangible benefits to our citizens and to industry.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Electricity from renewable energy sources
There is a legitimate hope that the first European legislation on renewable energy will soon come into force.
This European legislation will help to increase the share of renewables in the electricity market.
I am firmly convinced of that.
The directive will help us, the EU, to achieve our voluntary target of doubling the share of renewables by 2010.
It will make an important contribution to innovation in electricity generated from wind, solar, hydro and biomass.
In this way, the EU will demonstrate that it is willing to shoulder its responsibility for climate protection and a sustainable energy supply.
However, tomorrow you will be voting on the result of an intensive and productive negotiating process.
There are 10 compromises worked out with the Council in an informal conciliation process on Amendments Nos 1 to 11, but without Amendments Nos 2 and 4.
This demonstrates that the Council and Parliament have really moved closer together in this regard.
I also owe an equal debt of gratitude to the Swedish presidency, which successfully endeavoured to shift the Council closer to Parliament's position.
Last but by no means least I would like to thank the responsible Commission officials who played a very important moderating role in the negotiating process.
As is generally the case with compromises, we can perhaps be satisfied, if not exactly enthusiastic, about the outcome achieved.
I regret that we have not been able to set any binding national targets.
Even more importantly, I regard the definition of renewable energy sources before us as quite simply wrong.
In order to make it easier to achieve the targets, some Member States have insisted on including the biodegradable component of household waste in non-separated refuse incineration.
This not only runs counter to Europe's objectives for waste avoidance and treatment, but it also gives the wrong message and discourages greater use of genuine renewable energy sources.
I nevertheless request that you vote for the compromises reached with the Council.
On the one hand, the directive will, by virtue of the amendments secured by Parliament, lead to a significant increase in the use of renewables.
On the other hand, I am firmly convinced that it would not have been possible to achieve anything further, even in the conciliation process.
Now let me turn to the key positive results.
First of all, the Member States will have to gear their incentive measures to indicative national targets.
If it becomes clear that the overall EU target - doubling the share of renewables - cannot be achieved, then the Commission can make proposals for mandatory targets.
Third, once any harmonised scheme comes into force, investor confidence regarding investments already made must be guaranteed.
Fourth, access to the grid for electricity from renewable energy sources is guaranteed.
This should not be jeopardised because of feed-in or transmission charges.
Finally, proof of origin of electricity generated from renewables will guarantee transparency for the public.
We have enormous potential for renewable energy sources here in Europe.
We must exploit this potential in order to discharge our responsibility for sustainable development.
This directive for the promotion of renewable energy is a bet on our future and an investment in the environment.
That is why it is important to offer a legal framework to those who have already taken that gamble and are investing in this respect.
Specifically, it is very important to negotiate sufficient transitional periods for current aid to maintain investor confidence.
Mr President, I extend my heartiest congratulations to Mrs Rothe for her exemplary work with colleagues in Parliament as well as with the Council and the Commission.
She has made considerable progress.
It is eminently sensible to promote renewable energy because it enables us to fulfil our environmental objectives, creates jobs and ensures security of supply.
The items enumerated by Mrs Rothe are targets, not yet mandatory.
But I am pleased that we have the fall-back position should Member States fail in their duty.
There is a definition which excludes the use of municipal waste, gives permission for successful support mechanisms to continue and thereby boosts investor confidence.
My own country, the United Kingdom - the windiest country in Europe - has some lessons to learn from work in other countries.
We need other measures as well as this directive.
I know the Commissioner would agree on the need for a framework for energy support.
We need research and development in the Sixth Framework Programme.
Congratulations again to Mrs Rothe.
I very much look forward to a positive result tomorrow.
Where should we focus our attention?
First of all, upon the target figure of 12%, to be obtained by 2010.
I personally am in favour of imposing binding target figures, as long as the prescribed target figures are realistic and obtainable.
The second area of attention concerns the clear delineation of waste originating from separate waste collection and waste originating from combined waste collection.
Needless to say, I can only consider the incineration of separate waste and, more specifically, the biologically degradable component of industrial and household waste, as a renewable energy source.
I can fully identify with this position.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate three ladies this evening.
Tomorrow, we will take an historic step towards renewable energy sources in Europe, which will provide 22% of electricity in 2010.
This is a large proportion.
I am very optimistic, even though I am aware that the first steps taken towards a new technology are always the most difficult.
This is because, on the one hand, production costs have yet to be optimised, but the costs will fall as soon as mass production is reached.
There is another aspect that we are very familiar with, as politicians - relations involving power.
The lobbies change sides once the technologies assume a greater economic significance in our societies, and the example of Germany is a wonderful illustration of this.
Think of countries such as Brazil or India where we will gain market share.
I would also like to announce that I am going to nominate certain members of certain governments for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and in Physics.
When they manage to prove scientifically how a tonne of tomatoes burns all by itself, thereby producing renewable energy, I feel that they certainly will deserve the Nobel Prize.
If I understand matters scientific correctly, you need plastic to burn tomatoes.
In order to avoid these sorts of exceptions, I feel that the Commission has a large part to play in preventing public funds being spent on incineration.
Public funds must be used to develop the right technologies, particularly methanisation.
Mr President, the most important renewable energy source is hydroelectric power.
Other renewable sources of energy are difficult to find.
The view of the Council, according to which the incineration of unsorted waste is considered to be renewable energy, is unsustainable.
Hydroelectric power should be supplemented by forms of energy other than waste incineration.
The lack of funding for the Altener Programme indicates that the EU is not playing a major role in achieving this target.
Achieving this target is thus entirely down to the Member States.
I would especially like to thank and congratulate the rapporteur.
Above all, we have to make it clear to the Member States of the European Union that there are economic and social advantages in achieving the targets laid down.
Labelling of all energy sources is another long-term objective, because energy consumers have the right to know what primary energy sources their electricity is generated from.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as has been stated before, sustainable energy has many advantages.
It reduces the dependence on imports from third countries, it can be generated locally and it offers prospects for regional development.
But more than anything, it is clean energy.
The European Union backed an ambitious wish list during the climate negotiations in November last year.
Europe was prepared to take the lead, for the US could not be counted on then either.
The Sustainable Energy Directive offered a good opportunity to put our money where our mouth was.
At first reading, the European Parliament had opted for binding objectives and for a strict definition, so that not everything could simply fall within its scope.
Unfortunately, this approach fell on deaf ears at the Council, and the European Union, which had called for domestic action for two weeks in The Hague, cried off.
The compromise that is now before us is the best that can be achieved.
My sincere congratulations to the rapporteur. It is sound work.
In the foreseeable future, we will once again have plenty of opportunity of showing that we are serious about sustainable energy.
We must now prove that we are prepared to face the challenge.
The Sixth Framework Programme for research offers the ideal platform for this.
Secondly, large-scale investments are required.
Sustainable energy is often associated with small-scale solutions: a solar panel on every roof and a few windmills in every village.
That is wonderful, but unfortunately not enough.
Sustainable energy also requires large-scale projects, and this is why Government commitment is required.
It is once again time to translate words into action in order to turn this Directive into a success.
Mr President, I too would like to congratulate Mrs Rothe.
I think that she has carried out excellent work and, step by step, has led this process towards an increasingly positive outcome.
I agree with Mr Turmes that the decision which we hopefully will take tomorrow is an historic one.
A transition to renewable energy sources is an important step.
In parallel, major efforts must be made to ensure that our energy is used more efficiently.
We have established a target in the directive whereby at least 22 percent of electricity is to come from renewable energy sources.
Like Mr Turmes, I am an optimist in this respect.
If demand increases, we know that performance and quality will increase and costs fall.
This is the rule of thumb for all new technology.
Of course, such a development is conditional upon energy policy generally being developed in the right direction.
It is conditional upon subsidies for fossil fuels, particularly coal, being phased out, external costs for various energy sources being internalised in prices and research receiving a considerable boost.
The development we are now seeing is vital for Europe.
It is naturally also vital for the candidate countries and the developing countries.
Admittedly, the negotiations with the Council and Commission were painstaking, but an outcome was reached.
We were able to come to compromise agreements which will allow improvements to be made to the Council and Commission proposals.
I would also reiterate that the aim of the draft directive is to create a framework to enable a considerable improvement in electricity production from renewable energy sources.
Having said this, I would like to go back to two difficult points, which were raised at the beginning of our discussions:
on the one hand, the issue of non compulsory national targets.
The issue is whether the national targets should be compulsory.
We must remain realistic.
Setting indicative targets has never provided much motivation for Member States.
The discussions have not enabled us to reach an agreement, however.
Fortunately, several proposals plan to make them compulsory in the long term.
on the other hand, the issue of whether or not to include waste incineration in the definition of renewable energy.
The Council insisted on including it but this step did not receive unanimous support.
As I personally see it, this seems to run counter to the Union' s efforts in the field of waste prevention and recycling.
It is to be feared that this use of waste would essentially justify their production, which does not seem to be a good solution.
To sum up, I would also say that we must support the provisions laying down facilities governing grid access.
I believe that on all issues relating to energy, we must be aware that we must improve sources or otherwise we will make planet Earth uninhabitable within a few years.
It is essential that we guarantee support for this type of source for a considerable period, thereby allowing our industry to make decisive and long-term investments in this energy alternative.
In summary, I consider it essential and urgent that we reach a pact at European level in order to support this type of energy source.
Therefore, for the sake of solidarity, we must leave behind a much more habitable world, and a future like that urgently requires all these renewable sources of energy.
Mr President, I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur and the committee on their excellent work.
This is an important measure which, at last, defines precise targets for increasing the share of electricity produced from renewable energy sources, laying down precise time-frames.
It does not matter if these time-frames span several years; what is important is that we have precise targets against which to measure our progress.
Mr President, I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur, but I also wish to make a couple of observations.
It is a matter of concern for us all that mandatory targets have not been agreed upon, but the various UN conventions provide a model here.
I am thinking of Rio, where as a correspondent I was able to follow things in detail and see how from little acorns great oaks can grow.
As she is present, I would like to take the precaution of calling now on the Commissioner to do that.
It is also possible to learn something from successful systems.
Spain, Germany and Austria have arrangements and means of handling renewables that others could also adopt.
I would once again like to express my respect and admiration for the excellent technical quality and knowledge you have demonstrated in your cooperation, your work and your amendments.
This is an issue on which - as we have demonstrated - we must work together.
This proposal forms part of the Commission' s response to two great challenges.
The Commission is pleased to be able to say that we can support all the transactional modifications proposed by Mrs Rothe.
Although I am not going to list them, I would like to refer to certain points which have been highlighted during the debate.
Firstly, the issue of biomass.
That is to say, including that biodegradable waste.
Strictly speaking, this waste is of a renewable origin, and that is why the Council has defended its inclusion.
However, I must stress that the Commission believes that we must reach a compromise, a pragmatic solution in order to prevent a conciliation procedure and a delay.
We therefore accept the proposals put forward by Mrs Rothe; however, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 12, 13 and 14.
Furthermore, we believe that the proposals in Amendments Nos 2 and 4 are not necessary and we agree with and support the proposal in Amendment No 11.
This is a key pioneering initiative.
Some of you - such as Mrs Ayuso, amongst others - have said that today is an historic day.
In a year and two months - since the Commission approved its proposal - we are going to have an approved directive.
This is an extraordinary political burden and, in this respect - I am sorry, Mr Caudron - I cannot agree with your assessment.
I would once again like to congratulate Mrs Rothe on her excellent work, as well as all the Members and the Swedish presidency on your work on this initiative.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Implementation of the Internet Top Level Domain ".EU
I would also like to thank the services of Parliament and the Commission, which gave me a great deal of assistance in this matter.
The amendments also stipulate that when the regulation is implemented, the principles relating to privacy and the protection of personal data must be taken into account.
More specifically, the Parliamentary committees are proposing that the scope of the regulation should be limited to the European Community.
Admittedly, there are still some difficult discussions ahead, but I feel that we should be optimistic and believe that a common position can be established in the coming months.
In conclusion, Mr President, I would therefore ask Parliament and you yourself to adopt the report with the proposed amendments.
.
Mr President, the initiative to create the ".EU" Domain name will be a necessary boost to expansion in the e-economy.
We know that the key brake on this expansion is the lack of confidence, particularly amongst consumers.
A European TLD, therefore, should be synonymous with a zone of e-confidence.
In addition it should allow European companies to ensure their visibility and presence on the European stage.
As Mrs Flesch said, we have worked very closely on this report.
We have jointly made some very important recommendations.
They give greater clarity to the text and they spell out in detail the role the registry should perform.
I have concentrated in my committee mainly on the issues of the internal market, intellectual property aspects and the general policy framework.
Let me highlight some of the amendments.
This will respond to business concerns to see added value to ".EU" Domain names and will again create this zone of e-consumer confidence in line with the Lisbon conclusions.
Commissioner, we understand the need to make progress on the establishment of ".EU" and the need to ensure we respect the principles of the Internet world, namely self-regulation and self-management.
But it is important to get the principles right from the outset, to ensure success, and that is why we have spelt this out in detail.
Mrs Flesch and I had excellent cooperation.
We now look forward to similar cooperation with the Council and Commission.
I should also like to pay particular tribute to Mrs McCarthy who I have worked with in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Between our rapporteur and our draftsman, they produced a very sound report.
What is important about this report is that they have resisted the temptation to complicate what was basically a simple text proposed by the Commission.
Essentially, Commissioner Liikanen, the word from Parliament is to go and get on with it.
We do not want to over-complicate it.
We have made some worthwhile improvements, but the fundamentals of what you proposed have been left unaltered.
That is important because, we must remember, the ".EU" domain name is actually a late entrant into a highly competitive and crowded market.
It has to justify its existence.
For it to be successful we want companies and organisations to use it.
Therefore, the registration procedures have to be simple, easy and cost-effective.
We must bear in mind that the policies and procedures adopted by the registry will need to reflect best practice in the field.
Because we are coming into this late, there is no excuse for not getting it right.
So some of the safeguards that both Mrs Flesch and Mrs McCarthy refer to, about protection of trademarks and avoidance of vexatious registration - cyber-squatting - are particularly important.
I want to highlight two particular issues of concern that I raised during the debate and was particularly pleased were reflected in the amendments.
Mrs McCarthy referred to her amendment seeking to enable organisations with a prior title to a name to have a priority period of registration.
That is very important.
We do not want to disadvantage companies which are already active in this field which feel that they must protect themselves and want to take on the ".EU".
We do not want them to feel that they are going to be held back in any way.
Secondly, we have to ensure that the ".EU" name does not, in any way, displace existing Member State domain names.
In conclusion, this is a worthwhile enhancement of the European Union's information society capabilities in a very fast-evolving world.
Mr President, I would like to add my appreciation to that already expressed for Mrs Flesch's report.
I feel that it is a particularly well-balanced and competent report, and so I can only endorse its approach and contents.
Consequently, no further amendments have been tabled for this plenary.
All of this has been achieved within the space of six months, while the Commission has needed three years to draft a proposal.
It is now important for the Council and Parliament to keep the momentum going.
Indeed, the users have been waiting for this with bated breath.
Mr Liikanen, I will then obviously expect from you a quick, practical and simple implementation which befits the Internet culture.
Two elements are crucial in this connection.
First of all, the organisation that keeps the register must be independent and must carry out its work in a transparent, non-discriminatory manner.
All interested organisations must be represented in the register.
Secondly, the Member States must establish in good time the domain names they want to use exclusively.
Clear criteria are needed in that connection. That includes the first come, first served principle, as well as clear rules which can prevent abuse of the system.
The swift advent of the ".EU" Top Level Domain offers an excellent opportunity to boost public confidence and that of businesses in online trade.
This would encourage economic growth and the competitiveness of European industry, and hence employment.
The legal framework of the internal market also plays an important role in this field.
Like previous speakers, I welcome it because it is time that we in the EU had our own domain.
The one area of concern I have is in relation to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers - ICANN.
I would like to know if possible from the Commissioner what action he has taken to deal with this possible conflict in the future.
Mr President, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur. I too, like Mr Carraro, would like to talk about the crucial role of self-regulation for the Internet system.
We must avoid making the procedure for managing the ".EU" domain too rigid and concern ourselves, instead, with filling this domain with rights of European electronic citizenship.
Thus, with interaction between the citizens and the institutions of the European Union, we will be able to fill the '.EU' domain with material of genuine European telematic citizenship
The development of this interactive means of communication is exponential and access to it in many developed countries is practically universal and, in others, is just a question of time.
Furthermore, we have all been witnesses to the frequent bad use of the Internet.
I would like to remind you that the European Union has an excellent image and what we have to do is maintain it and support it.
Mr President, following the fairly technical introduction we have heard, we should not lose sight of what this is all about.
Europe is now acquiring a face, an address.
It will be valuable in itself if we can bring this off and if the Commission finds the right approach.
We will become ".EU".
It is to be hoped that Europe will gradually develop from being a single market to having its own identity, by means of policy.
We know that a lot has gone awry.
I regard it as progress that a certain element of labelling is associated with the ".EU" domain.
Just remember the "Amsterdam.nl" case.
However, as part of the enlargement and re-regionalisation of Europe I would also like to see all regions having the opportunity to use appropriate sub-domains.
On this point, I am not in agreement with the report before us.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I too would like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, Mrs Flesch, on her excellent report.
Mrs Flesch, you have really managed to capture the key aspects of the ".EU" issue in your report and thus set the right course for the European Parliament.
Up to now, as Mr Martin pointed out, European companies using the ".com" domain have sometimes been taken for American companies rather than European ones.
European companies, organisations and private individuals will get concise new addresses long since bagged by others under the current domains.
For example, there are already well over 10 million ".com" domains in the European Union.
Mr President, I should first of all like to thank the rapporteur for her outstanding cooperation and the excellent way in which she has worded her report.
I should like to home in on a few points.
Firstly, the method of registration of a '.EU' domain.
The principle underlying the registration policy is that anyone who wants to register a '.EU' domain also has the related trademark rights.
Two interests need to be weighed up in this connection.
On the one hand, countering abuse and, on the other, making registration for SMEs and for citizens as simple as possible.
Two models are possible in this connection.
The second model prescribes subsequent intervention in the unlikely event of improper use or speculation.
That is why I should like to refer to Amendment No 34, which spells this out clearly.
We prefer the second model because it is much more SME-friendly, results in many more domain names and - in my opinion - in many more domain registrations.
That is the right way forward in my view.
That is what Amendment No 24 is about.
That translates into more legal certainty, more confidence and an increase in e-commerce within the European Union.
I believe that that is what it is all about.
Finally, my third point.
All of this fits in with the EU policy which we aim to pursue.
We want to assume a favourable position worldwide in the Information Society.
In my opinion, the '.EU' Internet Domain sets the right tone for this, for which I am extremely grateful.
Our competitors throughout the globe are sleeping; they have launched good initiatives, which makes it important for us to act as efficiently and quickly as possible in this area.
We have over 18 million companies in Europe, and I believe that it gives them an extremely valuable marketing advantage if they are immediately and easily recognisable throughout the world.
Consumer confidence is fundamental for business and that is why the presence of the European Union on the Internet with a top-level domain is particularly important.
I also consider that an efficient dispute resolution system is needed, and one that is as cost-effective as possible but at the same time neutral and non-discriminatory.
It is also very important that the Registry should be put out to tender, as this will guarantee optimum support in Europe.
I wish the Commission and, in particular, Mrs Flesch, every success.
I believe that you have taken an important step for the European Union.
The proposal to set up the '.EU' top-level domain was first tabled by the Commission last December after public consultation over the whole year.
In Internet terms, it is a lifetime.
European Internet users are becoming increasingly impatient to have a '.EU' top-level domain where they can register pan-European names.
It is becoming imperative, therefore, that the EU takes the necessary steps to implement '.EU' as soon as possible.
In this respect, I am pleased to note the common orientation agreed last week in the Council, which was a major step forward.
With regard to Parliament, I would particularly like to thank Mrs Flesch and Mrs McCarthy for their contributions as rapporteurs.
Their work has contributed significantly to a situation where we are very close to an agreement between the institutions, which would enable implementation of the '.EU' top-level domain soon.
I am extremely happy about the high quality discussion we have here today in this plenary.
As far as the amendments are concerned, the rapporteurs in particular have proposed a number of amendments, which will significantly improve the text of the regulation.
The Commission also welcomes the support given by the rapporteurs to the Commission's proposals for an advisory committee.
There are also a number of proposed amendments which the Commission can accept in principle, subject to further clarification.
These include the proposal that the Commission would be authorised to levy a management charge on the registry for services provided.
At the same time, it will be important to clarify how such a body would interact with the Commission and the Member States committee.
The 'first-come-first-served' approach for registrations is supported by the Commission, as it is one of the underlying principles for the registration process proposed by the Commission.
Mr Carraro also made comments which I endorse.
The Commission is fully committed to transparency principles and supports the publication of a call for expression of interest in the Official Journal, as was also mentioned by Mr Martin.
Why not this time a website?
When talking about '.EU' ; why not go to the public on the website?
There are however, some proposed amendments which the Commission cannot agree with.
The issue of geographical and geopolitical names is, however, an important political issue for some Member States and is fully recognised by the Commission.
I am convinced that the compromise which was reached at the Council, introducing a new paragraph for Article 4.1a may offer an alternative which Parliament may wish to consider further.
The proposal to require the registry to ensure that companies registering a name are legally established in the Community is also problematic.
Given the automated nature of the registry process, it is not practical for the registry to carry out a priori checks on registrants.
Apart from questions of technical feasibility, the Commission would view such a requirement to be an excessive burden on the registry and an unnecessary barrier to registrants.
The proposal that the registry should be obliged to supply information to third parties with a "legitimate interest" is also unacceptable as such to the Commission.
It is not clear exactly how such a provision could apply, and we suggest that the registry will, in any case, be subject to existing legal provisions for disclosure.
There also seems to be a linguistic problem surrounding the concepts of "public policy" and "public order" in the French and English versions.
The Commission can accept, in part or in principle Amendments Nos 9, 13, 14, 18, 20, 29, 30, 32 and 36.
Mr van Velzen mentioned Amendment No 34.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Radio spectrum policy
, rapporteur.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I would like to thank you all very sincerely for supporting my report.
In formal terms, these amendments ultimately fitted very well into a compromise that was excepted by the committee with 49 out of 50 votes, with one abstention.
The subject of my report is the Commission's proposal for a decision on a regulatory framework for radio spectrum policy in the European Community.
It relates to establishing which institutions will, in future, make decisions about radio spectrum policy and via what procedures.
We need to distinguish between two types of issue here.
Firstly, strategic policy decisions have to be taken.
On the other hand, policy guidelines also have to be implemented.
We are therefore talking about technical implementation measures here.
We are already familiar with this distinction between political decisions and technical implementation measures from the Lamfalussy report.
The major significance and consequences of the proposal flow from a number of aspects.
The radio spectrum is, because of the ever greater demands being placed on it, increasingly becoming a scarce and valuable economic resource and a decisive factor in employment.
For Germany, for example, companies were willing to pay EUR 50 billion, and in the United Kingdom it is well known that the auction brought in EUR 38.5 billion.
Of course it goes without saying that European-level decisions about frequency policy have to be made by the European Parliament and the Council.
The job of putting these decisions into practice, that is to say technical implementation, can be entrusted to the Commission.
In doing this, the Commission should also be able to call on the expertise of the CEPT, by seeking advice on how to solve technical problems from the CEPT.
The amendments which 49 of the 50 Members in the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy agreed provide for exactly that to happen.
However, two of the amendments from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, of which the Commission is no doubt aware, undermine this approach.
I am talking about Amendments Nos 22 and 23, which have been tabled in the plenary.
I cannot support that, and I therefore urge you to vote against these amendments.
Mr President, Commissioner Liikanen, I would like to thank the rapporteur Mrs Niebler for her efforts on this important issue.
Due to their increasing use, radio frequencies are becoming an increasingly limited and valuable commodity.
Air and sea traffic, for example, are completely dependent on the use of radio frequencies.
The different needs of different regions also need to be taken into account.
Some of the amendments put forward by our committee were adopted by the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy while others were not.
On behalf of our Group I introduced two amendments in plenary which reflect the opinions of our committee.
Amendment No 25 concerns transparency.
Transparency is connected to achieving efficient use of unused areas of the radio spectrum.
The annex to the proposal for a decision is too general and apparently confuses reserving the use of frequencies for different purposes with allocating frequencies to users.
I would like to see support for these two amendments.
No one will deny that, in view of developments in technology, a new regulatory framework on frequency policy is needed.
However, certain basic principles have to be borne in mind here, since although the technology itself is neutral, the way it is used is not.
It would therefore be wrong to place too much emphasis on economic efficiency.
Products geared to the general public should also have a guaranteed place in an open competition-oriented market for electronic communication networks and services.
It is also emphasised elsewhere that democratic, social and cultural interests connected with frequency use need to be taken into account.
The Member States should also be expected to comply with that requirement, including Italy - please note, Mr Berlusconi.
Mr President, Mrs Niebler carried out sterling work in her capacity as rapporteur.
I should like to congratulate her on the quality of her report.
In this connection, I should like to broach two subjects which are a little controversial.
Subject one is the possibility of stepping up the harmonisation of the military use of the radio spectrum.
We know that a huge proportion of the spectrum is used by the military.
I believe that that is not the case.
It resembles one large patchwork at the moment.
In my opinion, the private sector, in particular, needs a larger proportion of the spectrum.
What can we do?
Normally speaking, we could attempt to harmonise, but that is of course extremely difficult.
That is why I propose a step-by-step plan.
First of all, we must prioritise in terms of military and civil use.
Secondly, Member States must be transparent in terms of the use of the military spectrum.
Not easy, but it has to be done.
My second point: a separation of political affairs and technical implementation.
Many of the CEPT actions are technical, but all these technical points have a great many political ramifications.
But I believe it is crucial for us finally to discuss the political framework in this arena too. That is why I warmly recommend this amendment.
Mr President, I would like to thank all three institutions.
Although Mrs Niebler is not an institution, she has behaved almost like one!
I would like to thank her sincerely for her report.
But I would also like to thank the Commission and the Council.
This is even more important if you bear in mind that the Council is by no means in agreement with the Commission that the Senior Official Group should be established.
That only leaves us with the Senior Official Committee, which means that the institutional framework for taking democratic decisions will be distinctly limited.
I personally would therefore support Mrs Niebler's new proposal in which she suggests establishing a "call-back procedure" in the wake of Lamfalussy.
My Group has, in any case, tabled certain amendments.
I hope that the House will be able to accept these amendments.
They will also be supplemented by an oral amendment which I hope the House will support.
I hope that we will have your support for this and I hope that the Commission will be able to live with this amendment.
Mr President, I would like to express my gratitude that the work of the Echelon committee has received such coverage in the Finnish media this evening.
It is one of the major news stories of the day.
It is almost a little absurd.
The rapporteur and the previous speakers have highlighted the significance of efficient use of the latest resource to be in short supply, namely frequencies.
It is important that we have transparency in the use of these.
As Mr Pohjamo said, it is also important to report the terms for the frequencies used.
It should also be possible to reserve frequencies for services useful to society on special terms.
As has been mentioned, it is actually the institutional issues which are difficult.
I personally am a little afraid that we may have worked a bit too quickly and that we are in the process of developing quite a few hierarchies.
We talk about technical implementation provisions.
We also talk about the political level and the mandates given to the CEPT.
In other words, the system is quite complicated.
Our group came up with a proposal for a call back procedure.
However, I hope we agree that what in this context have been called technical implementation measures do not include technical matters.
Otherwise, we would be moving much too far into the CEPT' s territory.
There are also certain other aspects which may need correcting tomorrow.
There is still a proposal to send observers to the High Level Group.
Parliament' s proposal refers to both a high level group and a committee.
We simply cannot have both representation in a high level group and also a call-back procedure.
That would be too much.
We must look at how we can correct this before tomorrow.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, what we need is a set of uniform procedures for frequency allocation.
The objective should be to achieve the greatest economic benefit possible.
The UMTS has demonstrated that there is a need for action here.
I think that we need to look for totally new theories for frequency allocation and that we should also have the courage to implement them.
I often get complaints from CB users.
Mr Scheibenbogen writes to me regularly.
Article 7 is about publishing information.
I would be interested to hear from the Commissioner in what form this information is to be made available in future.
I would like to see more detail in Article 10(1) about the powers of investigation for regulatory authorities, whilst of course observing the principle of proportionality and preserving business secrets.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Niebler for her excellent report.
The radio spectrum has become a central means of communication, bringing with it money and power.
With no standardised allocation procedures, we all know the result of the third generation mobile phone deals - one company in the sector is currently going bankrupt every week.
In some Member States there were no charges at all, while others used hybrid systems.
The result of all this is a confused situation, not to mention unemployment.
This was supposed to give us a cutting edge in global competition.
The Electronic Europe strategy demands that everyone should be included on equal terms.
This makes things considerably more difficult and conflict must be removed.
At the same time, cultural diversity should be encouraged and in this regard I mean, for example, public radio broadcasting, which must be given the necessary frequencies.
For this reason I support Amendments Nos 22 and 23 and Mrs Mann' s oral amendment.
I think that this will see us achieve a balance in these sub-areas and gain an understanding of what is important and what is business.
Mr President, the Commission is pleased with the progress on its proposal for a decision on radio spectrum policy.
I too would especially like to thank Angelika Niebler for her report.
This proposal is part of a whole which the Commission would like to see adopted by the end of the year.
Today, following discussion in the committee, the issue is having its first reading in the European Parliament.
The timing is ideal, since, after much discussion, the Council, for its part, last week reached consensus on the new text which largely confirms the Commission' s original aims.
Following its examination of Angelika Niebler' s report and the new amendments, the Commission can state that it is satisfied that Parliament in principle supports the Commission' s proposal.
Despite this, the Commission has some detailed observations on various parts of the report.
In the opinion of the Commission, the latter, i.e. technical implementation measures, should be agreed by committee, where they would be determined using the committee procedure.
In addition, the report presents amendments according to which the European Parliament could revoke or amend measures already realised via the committee procedure.
In the view of the Commission, this conflicts with the Comitology Decision.
In this context the committee procedure is needed to enable us to decide on the technical implementation measures which are essential in order to realise the agreed Community policy.
In such cases, the codecision procedure is used.
For this reason the Commission cannot accept those amendments from Parliament which conflict with the central approach of our proposal for a decision.
However, I would finally like to emphasise that the Commission greatly values Parliament' s seeking to play an active role in the decision-making process regarding the radio spectrum.
For precisely this reason the Commission referred in its proposal to the existing opportunities for doing so - the codecision procedure and the committee procedure.
As for the other amendments, the Commission can approve Amendments Nos 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 17 and 22 - 25.
We accept Amendments 3, 7, 9, 11 - 13 and 20 in principle.
The Commission is unable to approve any other amendments.
To conclude, I can state that the opinions of the institutions on the aims of the proposed decision have converged.
This should be seen as a guiding principle in further preparation for the entry into force of the decision.
On this basis the Commission is ready to continue open cooperation with the European Parliament.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place on Thursday.
(The sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m.)
Madam President, as we all know, Parliament will be in recess in August.
On 8 August 1956, 262 miners died in the most tragic accident in the workplace ever to take place in Europe: 262 miners from all over our continent.
Thank you, Mr Cossutta.
Madam President, I learned yesterday that the Bureau was to make a statement today about the memorandum being prepared by this House on enlargement.
That would be a great help in setting our minds at rest.
Mrs Thyssen, I have noted what you say.
But having said that, I must explain to you that the Bureau will not be adopting the document you mentioned this evening.
It will not be until September, when the groups have been able to study it in depth.
Madam President, I should like to draw your attention to the increasing and continuing problems faced by our drivers.
Yes, I can tell you that the Quaestors will be looking into this issue.
I am looking at the few Quaestors who are present in the House and I can confirm that they will be examining this issue very closely.
Programme of the Belgian presidency
The next item is the Council statement on the programme of the Belgian presidency.
I give the floor to Mr Verhofstadt, President-in-Office of the Council.
Madam President, Prime Minister, ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to begin the work we will be undertaking with the Belgian presidency.
Prime Minister, this presidency comes at a critical juncture.
We are in the final stages of the preparations for the introduction of euro notes and coins, the most tangible expression of Europe ever achieved.
Belgium knows that it can count on the cooperation of the Commission and the European institutions to make this truly historic event a great success.
Moreover, we are pushing resolutely ahead towards enlarging the Union as, Prime Minister, you said just now.
Accession negotiations have reached a critical stage, with the most difficult chapters now open.
Meanwhile, precisely to prepare the Union for enlargement, the Member States are in the process of ratifying the Treaty of Nice.
However, the referendum which took place in the Republic of Ireland recently has reminded us that ratification is not a foregone conclusion.
I shall return to this subject shortly.
Prime Minister, Madam President, at the Laeken Summit, we shall be reviewing the Union' s progress in implementing its social agenda.
Modernising our pension and social security systems is also an important part of our social agenda.
This is one of the most important challenges of today' s society and, yesterday, the Commission adopted a Communication proposing an integrated European strategy for tackling it.
We are also committed to the fight against poverty and social exclusion.
I am therefore pleased to see the Belgian government' s commitment to action on these issues in its presidency.
In particular, I share the concern that underlies this commitment: the gap between rich and poor in Europe is widening at an alarming rate.
We have a duty to stop this trend.
If we do not change our economic and social policies, we will be in danger of undermining solidarity, the very value on which the European social model is based.
We must do everything in our power to stop this unjust development model and to give voices and rights to those who have neither.
Ladies and gentlemen, Prime Minister, the Laeken Summit and declaration are also vitally important for another reason.
Laeken must determine how we are to structure the second stage of the 'Future of Europe' debate.
This is a far-reaching debate with huge implications.
I am particularly glad that, in contrast to the situation six months ago, it is now being conducted widely in all the media.
At last, our fellow citizens and their governments are beginning to realise how important these issues are for their future.
Prime Minister, in a recent speech, you stated that 'the Union has turned into an institutional and instrumental imbroglio' .
It is my unenviable privilege to share your concern.
The diagnosis is clear: what we need now is treatment, proposed and discussed freely and openly.
There must be no more attempts to settle these questions behind closed doors.
In my opinion, the only acceptable way to reform the institutions is for a Convention to be set up at Laeken.
The Heads of State have also talked about a forum - I personally prefer the word Convention -...
It is in this Convention that we will be able to find the best solutions to Europe' s most serious problems.
Ladies and gentlemen, not only must the future of Europe be firmly in the hands of its citizens but they must also understand what needs changing.
Whatever else it may imply, the Irish 'no' to Nice tells us clearly that we have to close the gap between the institutions and the citizens.
The Europeans want a Union that meets their new demands. They want far more than an economically integrated continent, which we have already largely achieved.
They want a Union that delivers the quality of life and the type of society they desire.
A Union that is clearly accountable to its citizens for what our policies have achieved and how our resources have been used.
Their calls for greater democratic control over the Union' s institutions are fully justified.
This too is an issue the Convention must address.
The Laeken Declaration must therefore set an ambitious and comprehensive agenda for this Convention and lay down the methods and timetable it is to follow.
Ladies and gentlemen, the position I recently adopted on the Treaty of Nice and the Irish referendum has raised some concern in this House and elsewhere.
From the very start of my term of office, I have consistently attached great importance to political and institutional relations between the Commission and Parliament.
I firmly believe these relations must be based on a spirit of cooperation and openness.
Therefore, let me conclude with a few more words on the ratification of the Treaty of Nice.
A Union of 25 or more Member States cannot function with its present structures and methods of decision-making.
The candidate countries, for their part, are making a huge, unprecedented effort to qualify for Union membership.
The Union must therefore be ready to welcome the new Member States.
This means revising our institutional system and the decision-making process.
That is why, despite the fact that it did not live up to our expectations, the Treaty of Nice is necessary for enlargement.
The people of the Irish Republic have recently expressed their opinion of the Treaty.
I do not want to go into the details of the debate that preceded, accompanied and followed the referendum.
After visiting Ireland, I can, in any case, affirm without a doubt that the Irish people did not vote against enlargement.
Some people have not been able to resist the temptation to reply simply that this question is not on the agenda.
However, it would not be responsible for me, as President of the Commission, to give that answer.
Enlargement must not be compromised.
It is, and will remain, our number one political objective.
It is an historic project and I have made it an integral part of my task as Commission President. It has the unanimous backing of the Gothenburg Council.
It is therefore my duty, as President of the Commission, to anticipate the potential repercussions of the Irish 'no' on the enlargement process.
Ladies and gentlemen, in your opinion, is it wise to pretend that the problem does not exist?
No, it is not.
Over the past few days, I have therefore taken up this duty. I chose to be frank and made a carefully-considered, informed decision.
We have all said that Nice is necessary for enlargement.
Well then, we must not give the impression that the process can succeed without the reforms we all wanted at Nice.
Ladies and gentlemen, a 'no' to Nice would inevitably delay the enlargement process.
As you can see, the Treaty of Nice is already an integral part of the debate on the 'Future of Europe' .
Our 'yes' to ratification is not, therefore, about tactics: it is about the need to ensure the political coherence of the Union.
Prime Minister, what you have said confirms that your presidency fully agrees with this analysis and endorses the strategy we must therefore adopt.
(Applause)
That is why we stand by your side, because you defend European law, democracy and Community procedure.
You are thus following in the footsteps of your Christian-Democratic predecessors, Wilfried Martens and Leo Tindemans, who also made an outstanding contribution to the work of the European Parliament.
On 1 January 2002, we will have the single currency.
The introduction of the euro is a peaceful revolution and we want to look forward to the advent of the single European currency.
We have to be proactive in defending it.
Let us not talk down the single currency, but let us together be proactive in defending it.
I would ask you to name those Member States which do not comply with these principles because we need success across the board for Europe' s economy to be attractive.
(Applause)
You mentioned Laeken.
The European Parliament will be represented in the convention.
You are fighting - and we very much welcome this - for the involvement of the Commission and the national governments.
We call on the national governments not only to send civil servants - whom we esteem highly - to this convention, but also politicians who have mandates from their governments.
(Applause)
My third point is transparency.
We were particularly pleased to hear you say that when the Council of Ministers is actively legislating it should become a real second chamber.
We firmly support this.
But we can already take steps towards achieving this now, during your presidency, before Laeken.
(Applause)
You mentioned the work of the High Representative.
Our group has a high opinion of Mr Solana.
(Applause)
In conclusion, because I will keep to my allotted time, allow me to say the following.
We acknowledge the fact that, precisely because of its historic responsibility for Africa, the Belgian presidency will be making this a particular priority.
We support this.
We wish you every success in your work, Mr President-in-Office.
You are a founding member of the European Union.
Belgium has already successfully completed eleven presidencies.
We wish Belgium all the best for its twelfth presidency.
We are at your side!
(Applause)
Thank you, Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen.
Firstly, with regard to the future of the Union and its challenges, you have insisted that unity creates strength and that there must be cooperation with Parliament.
We agree on the diagnosis of the specific problems.
The question is now to know whether the way we are going to deal with them will be effective.
You have the responsibility to provide it, on the one hand, with a method and, on the other, with content.
You began by talking about your appearance as Minister of Budgets in 1988.
I believe it is absolutely essential that you argue that funding must be a public, democratic and fundamental element of our future.
Another basic element is the economic and social agenda.
You have asked for a coherent economic policy.
We need one.
We are in a period of far-reaching conversion and restructuring.
We need to defend our competitive capacity, but we must also respond to the thousands and thousands of workers who are affected by this very broad and decisive process.
Finally, Madam President, our international dimension.
The European Union is the first experience of civilised globalisation in history.
We must defend that and take it to the next Millennium Round of the WTO.
But there are also some important challenges in relation to our personality in the world.
You have correctly pointed out that you can receive two telephone calls.
Two is better than none, which is what happened before.
We must consolidate what already exists.
At the Council of the Socialist International last weekend in Lisbon, we spoke about Africa as a fundamental priority.
That is one of our moral commitments.
I would add something more: for the first time there is a minister in Ecofin who proposes a debate on the viability of an international tax on speculation.
That must also contribute to making globalisation more civilised, and we welcome the fact that the Belgian presidency has taken that initiative.
Lastly, Mr President, and I will end here, I believe that 99 working days is very little; surely you are going to end up without any holidays.
However, if you are able to implement this ambitious project, you can count on our support, our cooperation and our understanding.
Madam President, Prime Minister, ladies and gentlemen, it has already been said more than once that the Belgian Presidency comes at a crucial moment. There are ample reasons for this.
To begin with, the indispensable and broadly based debate on the future of Europe which you must initiate.
The Laeken Declaration must be an initial outline of a Union which, although enlarged, can nevertheless work efficiently and with which citizens can identify.
Precisely because of people' s declining interest in Europe, you rightly said that the European Union must pay more attention to the concrete complaints of its citizens.
Another crucial point is the place of the Union in the world.
On that point, you are right to point to Africa, where there is a humanitarian problem.
Be that as it may, the merits of this Belgian Presidency will be largely judged by its internal achievements.
Prime Minister, an onerous task awaits you.
The European Parliament and European citizens are waiting for a powerful signal.
In Belgium, you have proved yourself able to breathe new life into politics.
Let us hope that you can transfer this to Europe too.
You are said to be a keen and energetic cyclist.
It is true that you frequently enjoy cycling, and in a variety of conditions: without wind, with the wind behind you and with a headwind.
You will now learn that, in Europe, you will often be cycling into the wind.
However, we know that you are undaunted and we wish you the success you deserve.
As we saw at Gothenburg there have also been obstacles along that road.
I would now like to ask whether we must therefore return to Nice in order, finally, to get to Laeken.
My own view is that at Nice some big mistakes were made, which must at all costs be put right.
Future Member States were treated unfairly there. For example, they did not all receive their rightful share of seats in the European Parliament.
Secondly, we were by no means able there to confirm and clarify decision-making conventions in the European Union.
You yourself gave an example of this: there are more than thirty instruments at our disposal, which means it cannot really be clear how the European Union functions.
At Laeken a consultative committee must certainly be set up, to commence drafting a constitution for the European Union and to deliberate on fundamental issues.
You mentioned globalisation.
I was pleased to note that during your presidential term the Tobin tax is to be discussed, which civil society is speaking so much about.
Show you understand this concern, so that globalisation may then finally serve to benefit the development of the European social model, which you have named as one of your goals.
I would also like to mention the forthcoming talks on climate, which are to start in Bonn in two weeks' time.
You must use all your diplomatic skills to bring the United States, Japan and Australia back to the negotiating table.
My group will lend you all the support it can in your efforts to continue the work Sweden began in the name of sustainable development.
I would also like to note that we now have a president of the Council and a president of the Commission, who are both cyclists!
In this connection I might say that the President-in-Office of the Council in the Transport Council represents my political group and is doing some creditable work.
Finally, as we approach Laeken, first the king' s mighty castle appears on the horizon.
This would not be giving the right signal to the public.
I nevertheless hope that your presidency will come to be even half as popular as a certain well-known royal princess - Mathilde - is in your country.
If you manage as much, your presidential term will have been a job well done.
It makes a change from the all too frequent speeches designed to mollify, which people can no longer listen to because of all the contradictions that are glossed over.
It is only natural that new issues will arise from experience, which call for changes, innovations, and sometimes a questioning of matters that were believed to be done and dusted.
No subject should be taboo - we must acknowledge the problems, as you stressed.
In this spirit, I would like to mention a few issues that surface increasingly often in the debate provoked by the changes that are now affecting the European Union.
I believe that these issues should be raised as part of the exchange of ideas that you are hoping to promote during your presidency.
We have been repeatedly told, for example, that the eurozone was shielded from the major repercussions of the economic slowdown in the US.
We must now admit that, unfortunately, this has not been the case.
This is quite a serious misdiagnosis.
What sort of analysis is being carried out?
Do the European citizens know this?
And what do they really think of this, when in fact unemployment is on the increase and growth is in decline?
Should we not give some thought to this subject?
I have another example - the Stability Pact requires Member States to rationalise their public and social spending.
If we merely follow this policy over the coming months, will it not lead to an economic slowdown, at a time when we actually need to stimulate growth?
In what way can we revise the usual criteria or the way in which they are implemented in order to overcome this contradiction?
This question cannot be answered by some sort of project to elect the President of the Commission by universal suffrage.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I would like to know how courageous and daring the Belgian presidency, which you have launched today, is prepared to be in this area?
Madam President, firstly I should to thank the Belgian government for outlining in its legislative agenda the priorities it intends to pursue during its six month presidency of the Union.
It has already made it clear that it intends to promote wider cooperation between law enforcement agencies throughout the Union.
Within the Union a new institutional framework to fight against organised crime is being put in place, following the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam.
The European Council has since launched two action plans to combat organised crime, aimed at overcoming disparities in national procedures and encouraging more efficient judicial cooperation.
The creation of Europol represented a major step forward in this context.
It is important that all EU institutions work together to ensure the development of a coherent European strategy against organised crime.
We must, at the same time, overcome difficulties to ensure that crossborder crime is tackled without curtailing the freedoms and legal rights of individuals and economic operators.
We should all recall that the primary motive of organised crime is financial gain.
I support a European-wide political agreement concerning the identification and confiscation of the proceeds of crime in all its forms.
We are all aware of the success the Irish Criminal Assets Bureau has had over the last five years in confiscating the proceeds of crime.
In Europe much has already been done to fight cyber crime.
The Council of Europe is in the process of completing preparations for the world' s first international convention on cyber crime.
The Commission has already presented a legislative proposal on child pornography on the Internet, in line with the provisions of the Council of Europe' s cyber crime convention.
I support the Commission' s framework programme to combat trafficking in human beings; the aim is to develop effective judicial cooperation across the European Union.
It is important that the information campaigns, which are to be intensified later this summer, are successfully managed.
In recent weeks the Israeli foreign minister and the Palestinian leader have visited Parliament.
It is now evident that the European Union has come to assume a pivotal role in pursuing peace within the Middle East.
We are all aware that the EU leaders will be meeting in Laeken later this year to agree the format of a structured debate on Europe' s future.
It is very important that we avoid contributing to the creation of a two-tier Europe.
I certainly do not want to build a European Union that is controlled by the larger Member States to the detriment of the smaller Member States.
Smaller Member States must be strongly represented within the overall EU institutional structure.
Finally, I would urge the Belgian presidency to ensure that the difficult chapters of negotiation with the applicant countries are opened as soon as possible.
Solutions must be found to the chapters of discussion which to date have remained closed concerning the future accession of countries from central and eastern Europe.
The way in which this established fact is being ignored by European officialdom is very characteristic of the undemocratic, dangerously totalitarian turn that the European Union is taking.
For that matter, in other European Member States, even holding referenda is considered too risky.
Gentlemen with the word democracy forever on their lips refuse to let the people decide for themselves.
In that sense, it is very symbolic that the Belgian Presidency should be represented in Parliament by Prime Minister Verhofstadt and by Foreign Minister Michel.
Mr Verhofstadt is an undisputed champion, not only in cycling, but also in lying and breaking his word.
Mr President, what we have just heard is unprecedented in the history of the European Parliament, of which I have been a Member since the first direct elections in 1979.
The Belgian Prime Minister and President-in-Office of the Council does not belong to my party.
Nevertheless, I would say to you, Mr Vanhecke, that the comments which you made just now make you and those who share your views deserving of our most critical judgement.
It is intolerable that you should pick a fight like this here in the European Parliament.
Do it in your own country, but not in the European Parliament!
The President-in-Office has our full support where the defence of democracy and the rule of law in Europe are concerned.
(Applause)
Your speeches in Austria and here today would have been much better if you had also talked with the democratic EU opposition.
We can perhaps help you to understand why people have voted no in the last three referenda on the EU in Denmark, Switzerland and Ireland.
Those who expressed an opinion thought it would fail to be adopted.
One person said that it was fortunate that no referendum was to take place, for in that case it would also fail to be adopted in his own country, Portugal.
It is easier to replace a treaty than a country' s people.
Respect the ground rules that have been adopted unanimously.
Respect the Irish 'no' vote.
The Treaty of Nice has failed to be adopted.
Instead, support grassroots discussions concerning a treaty which people will be able to vote in favour of in all the countries, because it does not restrict, but rather extends democracy.
Acquire a more comprehensive circle of advisers.
With all due respect, your new think-tank consists mainly of elderly people who have all contributed to shifting power from voters and elected representatives to officials and ministers.
There are no young people and no women and not a single person who shares the views of the democratic majority which votes 'no' in EU referenda.
Mr Delors, Mr Dehaene, Mr Amato, Mr Geremek and Mr Milliband are hardly in a position to write a treaty which can attract majority votes in referenda.
SOS Democracy has sketched out a thirteen-point alternative which we should like to discuss with you.
The road ahead of you is not an easy one.
On behalf of the Belgian members of the largest group in this Chamber, I wish you the same success as Jean-Luc Dehaene in 1993.
He was virtually buried under the weight of praise.
What our predecessors constructed in Europe is too precious to us for that.
Mr President, there is insufficient time to dwell on the matters on the agenda, but the list is not really that important.
What does matter is the quality of the solutions and the vision that they project.
Prime Minister, work to ensure that people feel at home again in Europe.
There are no miracle cures, but there are key words: information, democratic involvement and transparency.
In December, you have the king' s permission to use his palace.
I hope that you will also be given the use of the royal greenhouses. Their symbolic value is great.
Why do you not conduct a Europe-wide NGO consultation exercise?
Not at the same time as Laeken, but about four weeks beforehand.
I look forward to your reaction to this suggestion.
Mr Verhofstadt, first of all, if I may, I would like to praise what I shall call the Belgian presidency' s clear analysis.
I think that there really is a democratic deficit and that we must resist a hard core.
Stay focused, therefore, on what you have presented.
What we must destroy is this Europe which lives by means of paper, by means of an image which does not correspond to what the citizens effectively want.
I would like to wish you good luck, because we know full well how demanding your political task is.
I shall now come back to three points.
The Laeken Declaration must, without question, give more weight, credibility and depth to our diplomatic approach.
We need a stronger diplomatic mechanism.
The people of Europe have to know who wants and who does not want this European constitution, and, finally, after Laeken, the process must be more definite.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, you can obviously count on this Parliament being predisposed in your favour.
But, as you know, the higher you climb, the further you have to fall.
It will count more heavily against you in this Parliament if you fail, than against those of whom less was expected.
There is already a first: regional ministers will also operate during your Presidency of the Council.
Our wish is that the role of the European constitutional regions should be strengthened in the Union.
At the same time, we want a federal Europe that is better equipped for its core tasks, such as foreign and security policy.
A safe and just area, able to remove people' s fear of enlargement, is one of your priorities.
The battle against illegal trading in arms, drugs and human beings must be vigorously engaged in, as must the battle against fraud.
Of course, I have a number of other wishes, but I shall be able to make them known to you on other occasions.
I wish you every success.
Unlike Mrs Thyssen, I believe that Mr Verhofstadt is showing us the way.
He has made some revolutionary proposals, and I am slightly saddened, Mr Poettering, that you and many others have not picked up on this.
I hope that we too will be allies of the Belgian presidency and the Belgian presidency not just an ally of the European Parliament.
This is described as a democratic deficit, and it is said that people must reconcile themselves with the EU' s institutions.
What, then, is to be done about something that is undeniably, of course, a fundamental democratic problem?
What is to be done when, time after time, the people vote against integration on those notably exceptional occasions when they are asked?
Is the voice of the people being listened to?
No, it is not.
What is more, the vote was about the same as at the elections to the European Parliament.
And so the integration and ratification process in connection with the Treaty of Nice is continued with as if nothing had happened.
However, rhetoric is not enough, as the President-in-Office of the Council so commendably said.
Ignoring a people' s clear statement about the integration process is not democracy, but autocracy.
Autocracy must have a democratic faade, however, and the very telling words of the President-in-Office of the Council are designed to reconcile the people to the EU' s institutions.
The Benelux Declaration of 21 June is a frightening example of this process.
It is a so-called structured debate.
Whether it be called a forum, a convention or whatever, what essentially it is about is excluding one side: the crucial side of the agenda.
The historical model to return to in this case is the Supreme Soviet' s democracy arrangements.
It is a parody of democracy: government by the people, but without the people.
You say that more than rhetoric is needed here, Mr President-in-Office of the Council.
I agree, and that 'more' is to ask the question, 'Is integration the solution or the problem?'
In any case, the programme which has been presented today indicates as much.
I am particularly pleased that the issues surrounding the future of Europe play an important role in this programme.
Allow me, in this connection, to make two comments.
Firstly, I think that we cannot simply ignore the Irish referendum and proceed with our agenda without harming the European Idea.
The result would be a further fall in turnout at the elections.
I particularly welcome the fact therefore that the report on priorities will still be produced in 2004, hopefully after the elections.
I would like to focus on one of the central ideas of the Belgian presidency, according to what has been said this morning.
Furthermore, we must recognise that the progress made since Tampere in the development of the third pillar has not responded to the ambitions drawn up there.
This means creating more efficient instruments for combating terrorism, such as the European arrest order.
Mr President, I very much welcome the programme and priorities of the Belgian presidency in the employment and social field.
That, rather than a concentration on the concerns of the financial institutions, should be our proper starting point.
Your work should also fit well with the communication announced in Parliament by Commissioner Diamantopoulou yesterday.
The delay is unacceptable.
Finally, I know that you will work with us to adopt, as quickly as possible, the general framework on information and consultation and the company statute.
But I also hope again that you will apply pressure to the Commission to speed up its work on the revision of the European Works' Council Directive.
That too is a very important ingredient and there is no good reason for its delay until the end of this year or the beginning of next.
So, open that door as wide as possible in Laeken so that we can have a thorough debate.
And, as a Fleming, I should like to ask you to ensure that, in this debate, the regions are finally able to play a role in the Union.
As you quite rightly said, a radical intervention is necessary to make it clear to people how important the Union can be for them.
But more is required than that.
The Union must also work through, and carry to a conclusion, the decisions that it has taken and is still taking.
And you have already mentioned a number of things.
As a Liberal, I should like to stress a few more: the Tampere Summit , the rights and duties of the citizen and security.
I am glad that you have said that it is high time that some impact was felt.
That Tampere Summit is almost two years old.
The Lisbon Summit was about achieving the most competitive and efficient economy in the world.
It was a very liberal declaration, but the fire has gone out of it.
I am glad that there are a few important liberalising issues on the table and that you have said that, during this Presidency, a few must be solved.
The Gothenburg Summit of a few weeks ago was about sustainability, including the decision to comply with Kyoto.
That is of huge importance to the European economy, and certainly to the Flemish economy.
The Feira Summit is my last example.
At that summit, already over a year ago, a charter for small and medium-sized businesses was approved.
People find it all too complicated, so give concrete form to a few of those provisions of the charter for small and medium-sized businesses.
Mr President, we are aware of your interest in businesses, and particularly the role they play in society in each of our Member States.
This charter has gone unheeded.
No appropriations have been set aside and no practical measures have been planned.
Furthermore, the Sixth Framework Programme on Research and Development, which will be voted on during your presidency, is in the process of being drafted.
What place will you grant to businesses?
What are your proposals to enable every business to gain access to the consumer society, regardless of its size and business sector?
I am thinking in particular of all small enterprises and traditional businesses.
Mr President, thank you for the warm reception.
Mr President-in-Office, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, the Belgian presidency comes at a time when the European Union is at a crucial crossroads.
Rarely, in my opinion, has a presidency taken office in such a difficult situation, where there are nevertheless so many opportunities on offer.
A link must also be established between the two.
This must remain an option so that we do not put the accession countries into a state of uncertainty.
We therefore appreciate your clear, unequivocal commitment to producing a European Constitution.
In this regard, I would like to point out that, only yesterday, in Milan, the Italian President of the Republic, Mr Ciampi, made a speech along precisely those lines.
As regards the Convention, Mr Verhofstadt, as you know, the dispute over the name is not meaningless.
Those who insist on the term 'forum' have something different in mind from what you said.
We support the line you have taken and we are confident that Laeken will opt for the Convention.
You see, I actually believe that the public not only expect practical solutions, but also want to know where we are heading in the European Union.
This will also become apparent in the case of economic policy.
The same applies to fiscal policy, Mr President, because here we have unfair competition within the European Union.
I am counting on the Belgian presidency here.
We all know that there is still a lack of information and a lack of acceptance.
Mr President, the Belgian presidency' s ambitions coincide with the ambitions of Parliament.
We need to modernise the European social model, which is characterised by solidarity.
Nevertheless, the key issue concerns the relationship between enlargement and reform of the European institutions.
Enlargement must be a success for Europe.
The Laeken Summit must remove the intergovernmental uncertainties of Nice.
It is now a question of method and of political substance as well.
The response can only be provided by a Convention which in which, first and foremost, the national parliaments and the European Parliament participate as democratic representatives of the citizens.
In order to restore the citizens' confidence in Europe, we must make the institutions of this Convention more transparent, more efficient and more democratic.
This is the point - it has even been said today - on which Council, Commission and Parliament all agree.
This is a challenge which is highlighted by globalisation, a challenge that we must tackle together as we work towards a European Constitution.
Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Belgium is Europe in miniature with all its advantages and disadvantages.
This experience is partly the key to the success of the Belgian presidency.
If we wish to gain the trust of the citizen, however, I believe that, above all, it is essential to make Europe credible and to make our policies credible.
However, this analysis goes even further.
Just as it is in Belgium, it is also an easy but very dangerous policy at European level to convince the rich to refuse to show solidarity with the poor.
I believe that today we need more courage to show solidarity, but the forthcoming enlargement means that we need even more courage.
Making Europe credible therefore also means answering the very simple questions posed by the public, which are part of your programme.
Why do we talk about a Europe without borders when in health, fiscal and social policy we still have borders, which even create competition?
Why do we not simply say: we want enlargement towards the east, but no country is prepared to pay even one additional euro towards the cost of this.
(Applause)
Mr President, ambition is a practical joke played by the gods on mankind.
They give us ambitions so we believe we can climb the heights of Olympus and then they ensure that we never reach the top.
The programme of the Belgian presidency is ambitious.
It would be ambitious for a two-year presidency, but for one of 99 days, as the President-in-Office has pointed out, I fear that it is too ambitious.
I welcome, of course, his intention that the Union should listen to the people.
"We have to resolve the Irish question."
How often have those words been uttered down the centuries?
But Mr Verhofstadt has to lead the Council towards a resolution of the problem, posed by the failure of Nice and by the Irish referendum.
The democratic decision of the Irish people cannot be ignored or ridden roughshod over.
Democracy may be inconvenient, but it is all we have between freedom and tyranny.
Moreover, the Irish referendum and the concerns exposed in the demonstrations - even though they were hijacked by extremists - should be telling us something.
As the President-in-Office has said: they are telling us that Europe is not being listened to.
Not for change piled upon change, but for stability. Not for ambition, but, for that rarest of all human virtues - common sense.
If I may paraphrase the ancient Greek proverb for the President-in-Office: "Those whom the Gods wish to destroy, they first raise high."
However, it is not enough, ladies and gentlemen, to tell the Europeans that they are European citizens.
We need to make them feel like European citizens.
The euro is certainly an important step - and I agree with the line taken by President Prodi - but it is not enough.
Without substantial political support, the euro is likely to encounter difficulties, as it has in recent months, in relation to the dollar and other currencies.
This is why we cannot disregard the outcome of the Irish vote but must give it our utmost attention.
The Convention preparing the forthcoming IGC must therefore directly involve the representatives of the people, that is the representatives of this and the national parliaments.
Involving the people too in the reform of the institutions will give this European Union an increasingly significant political - and I stress, political as well as economic - role.
However, if we really want to achieve permanent enlargement, it is vital that we involve the citizens and their representatives more and more.
Mr President, the Belgian Presidency is an important link in the preparation for enlargement because, during this Presidency, the first steps will be taken towards the next IGC.
That will be the conference that represents the last chance before enlargement to modify the European institutions and decision making process.
Despite this, the wider context is difficult.
The Germany-France axis will be partly blocked by elections next year in both countries.
Public alarm in the face of enlargement is real.
When it comes to Europe, the courage of the present Member States is not very great, and time is short.
Against this background, Belgium must succeed in having a declaration approved at Laeken which must, at any rate, contain an improvement in the decision-making process and must increase democratic legitimacy.
I am consciously not talking here about much larger projects that are being launched and that are aimed at bringing about a real revolution in all the institutions.
I have my doubts about the political feasibility of these.
As far as the improvement of the decision-making process is concerned, two things are essential.
Firstly, the unanimity rule must be abolished, except for matters related to the institutions themselves and to the transfer of powers.
With twenty-seven or thirty Member States, you cannot continue to work with the unanimity rule.
In conjunction with this change, the co-decision procedure with Parliament must be expanded.
The one must be linked to the other.
Secondly, there is an absolute need to make Europe less complex.
The Treaty of Nice is scarcely comprehensible, let alone explainable.
A host of decisions, directives, regulations, orders, guidelines and recommendations cannot be understood without a dictionary or accompanying notes, and even then they pose problems.
The decisions from Gothenburg are still puzzling even after three readings and four translations.
This is true not only for ordinary people but also for extraordinary ones.
European seems to be becoming a twelfth language, with terms that, if they are not incomprehensible, have at least taken on a life of their own.
You must also already have been 'benchmarked' , 'mainstreamed' , etc.
The language of Europe has not become the language of Europeans. On the contrary.
In order to channel the involvement of the population productively, I believe that the Belgian Presidency should make a real project out of such involvement.
You should include this project among your priorities.
Euronews is financed by Europe.
If we want to know something about Europe, we follow CNN, not Euronews.
And you can say the same about many things that Europe does to inform the population.
Make it a project, Prime Minister!
Add this to your priorities and try to agree a relevant course of action with the countries of Europe.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, you have announced an ambitious programme, Mr President-in-Office, and the ambition of your proposals is commensurate with the challenges which lie ahead.
On behalf of the CDU/CSU Group in this Parliament, may you be an effective President-in-Office of the Council.
You will need our support and you will also have it.
You rightly said at the beginning that you want to reconcile the public with Europe.
This has been expressed in various different ways.
Perhaps your foreign minister will have the opportunity to repair some of the damage which has been done to Austria' s faith in Europe.
To achieve this we need, above all, your support.
In taking a step of this kind, we would also be justified in going before the Irish for a second time and tabling the treaty for a vote.
This is what you will be judged on, and we wish you every success for your work in the interests of Europe.
Mr President, first and foremost I should like to thank the various speakers and especially the group chairmen.
I should also like to thank the President of the Commission, Romano Prodi, for his words.
I should like to make a total of four marginal comments on the various declarations.
That should, apparently, be the result of this Irish referendum, at least if we were to take it into account.
Well, I find that a reductionist view.
There is certainly a democratic deficit in Europe, but you do not solve that deficit by having less of a European input, but by creating more democracy in Europe.
I believe that such an attitude is certainly not an arrogant one.
No, we must take that 'no' vote seriously and take it on board in our reflections.
The problem must be tackled.
However, it is an unacceptable solution to draw the conclusion from the Irish 'no' vote that we must simply again take the European Union into reverse.
My second marginal comment concerns the convention.
In addition, I believe that we must ensure that the constitutional regions are involved in the whole process.
(FR) The third comment that I would like to make, Mr President, concerns the European constitution.
I believe that we should also emphasise the positive aspects during this debate.
Some years ago, when we were discussing a European constitution, this was an idea that seemed impossible to achieve.
Today, I notice that, in speeches that have been made in the last two years, every European policy leader has taken up a position in favour of a European constitution.
I believe therefore that, as expressed in the Laeken Declaration, this is an idea that is possible to achieve.
(NL) Fourthly, I should like to make a comment on the Treaty of Nice.
Like the President of the Commission, I feel that it is absolutely vital that this Treaty is ratified.
No one need explain the weak points of the Treaty of Nice to me.
For four days we discussed and debated them constantly until four in the morning.
However, I believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
The advantage is that enlargement of the Union can finally take place, an enlargement that is more than just an enlargement.
It is a change that will finally bring about European unity.
It is therefore vital to ratify this Treaty quickly.
Finally, not one but several speakers wondered if all this were not too ambitious, warning that it is mainly deeds that matter.
Let me make it clear at the outset that I have no intention of playing Icarus, since that is one of the allusions that have just been made.
I believe that it is time that significant plans for reform were put on the table.
Anyone predicting ten years ago that we would have a single European currency, was in fact called an idealist.
The same applied to the introduction of the internal market, when the idea was floated twenty years ago.
That strikes me as better advice.
(Applause)
Thank you very much, Mr Verhofstadt.
I wish the presidency and Belgium every success.
The debate is closed.
Situation in FYROM
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the situation in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The EU urged them to step up their efforts to swiftly bring about practical and substantial results on the main issues currently under discussion.
The European Council urged the local political forces to come up with results as quickly as possible.
Their deadline was the meeting of the General Affairs Council on 27 June 2001.
The European Union and NATO may have a role to play in this as an intermediary or facilitator.
The disarmament plan proposed by President Trajkovski is the other pillar of the security situation.
NATO has already adopted the necessary measures to enable it to act.
This intervention with a view to disarming the ethnic-Albanian rebels is, however, subject to specific security conditions which the parties concerned have not yet fulfilled.
The essential elements of this are concluding a lasting cease-fire on the basis of a political agreement which seeks to bring about a negotiated solution to the crisis.
Lastly, Mr Lotard must assist, if necessary, in implementing possible agreements and to closely monitor all developments and initiatives concerning the security situation, in conjunction with the appropriate bodies.
The European Union is demonstrating its active commitment to resolving this crisis.
At this stage, the new presidency has to be consistent and be determined in pursuing and encouraging political dialogue in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
We must welcome the agreement that was reached last night, under the auspices of President Trajkovski, to resume political dialogue between the political parties of FYROM.
As a result of this agreement, intensive meetings will be held over the coming days.
Particular emphasis will be placed on constitutional matters, as a follow-up to Mr Badinter' s recent visit to Macedonia.
Mr President, the situation in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia remains, as the minister has just said, a matter of intense concern to all of us.
The violence in front of the Parliament in Skopje just over a week ago, without exaggeration, brought matters to the very brink of the abyss.
I want to pay tribute to the President' s efforts, I want to pay tribute to the President' s calm decency in the face of this crisis.
As honourable Members will know, the European Union has been intensively involved, from the outset, in efforts to contain and extinguish this conflict.
I want to pay a particularly warm tribute to him for his courage and steadfastness and wise advice.
A week ago, as the minister has said, the General Affairs Council appointed Mr Lotard as the European Union' s resident envoy, in Skopje, under the authority of Mr Solana.
I met Mr Lotard last week and promised him the full support of the European Commission in his work.
We stand ready to do all we can, anywhere and at any time.
Mr Lotard is initially locating himself in the Commission' s delegation office in Skopje.
As honourable Members know, in April the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia signed a stabilisation and association agreement with the European Union.
That agreement includes important commitments by the government in Skopje about respect for human rights, including the rights of minorities.
It is essential that those commitments should be honoured, and we all want to see early results in the inter-ethnic dialogue.
That is the only route to a lasting political solution.
The European Commission is providing very substantial support, EUR 42 million under CARDS in 2001.
Much of it will specifically help with the implementation of projects which will assist the Albanian as well as the Macedonian Slav community.
Let it also be an incentive to extend the cease-fire and to halt the military activities on both sides which are costing so much politically, financially and in human lives.
I just want to underline this point.
It is not too late to avoid catastrophe, but it requires the courage of every citizen of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to pull back from the brink.
There cannot be a solely military solution.
There has to be a political settlement and it cannot come soon enough.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, we welcome Mr Lotard' s appointment and also Mr Badinter' s intervention in the situation in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
I believe that, in them, we have two representatives of the European Community who are in a position to do good there.
They need a mediator and I think that we have now identified him.
After all, we cannot indefinitely spend our taxpayers' money in a country in which the desire for peace is not underpinned by joint initiatives to create that peace.
We cannot, for example, build roads and infrastructure while government troops and rebels are buying weapons.
I underline the fact that it was the KLA that brought conflict into the country; there is no doubt about that.
In my opinion, however, the solution cannot be to divide the country along ethnic lines.
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia belongs to all of its citizens and this must also be enshrined in the constitution.
A right of veto, however well-meant, cannot be awarded to any section of the population; this causes division.
It must be possible for all citizens to use their mother tongue.
The long-standing plan to decentralise power and strengthen the cities and local authorities must finally be executed.
But decentralisation of the army and the police, which the Albanians are now calling for, cannot reinforce the country' s cohesion, quite the opposite.
The desire for peace must be underpinned by moderate and justified demands.
The KLA rebels were taken from Skopje to northern Macedonia with their weapons on air-conditioned buses.
Can you imagine what kind of an image this gave of our involvement in the country?
It did us serious damage and it falsely portrayed us as supporters of the Albanians.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, our Group abides by its clear position.
The constitution and also the reality of societal relations in Macedonia or FYROM must be brought into line with the needs of a modern multi-ethnic society.
Above all, these matters must be addressed in a democratic context and by democratic means.
If this is clear and obvious to the Council and the Commission, then admittedly this raises a number of questions.
Mr President-in-Office, this Parliament has a right to be given answers to several questions.
Was Mr Lotard not informed of the Council' s agreed position?
Secondly, the KLA was allegedly disarmed in Kosovo.
Where are the weapons coming from now then?
After all, we are not just talking about a few Kalashnikovs which can be bought on the market anywhere.
Does America or do certain groups of Americans have an interest in supplying arms?
Thirdly, the terrorists were able to withdraw from Macedonia with their weapons.
Should someone not have noticed where these weapons came from?
Fourthly, how is the proposed disarmament process supposed to work if the weapons have already been taken out of Macedonia?
Is it intended that it should be just as successful as it was in Kosovo?
Making changes within the states by force and changing the borders by force is something which we reject out of hand.
It is the elected representatives of the governments and, in the parliament, the representatives of the Albanian and Slav-Macedonian sides which need our support, our advice and our ideas.
We must make it absolutely clear to the violent groups that we reject them.
If the Commissioner thought that we did not want to spend any money on arms, then he was right.
But we certainly do not want to spend money on weapons which extremist groups use to plunge democracies into a state of unrest.
It is also important that the medium-term efforts and the Union' s responsibility in this area - the association agreement is clearly an important factor - make positive progress.
I would like to devote my speech to two additional aspects of what is happening in the FYROM and which clearly affect the European Union.
Another important effect for the European Union - which has not been mentioned and is indirect, but very important - is its repercussions for the enlargement process.
Mr President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, let me begin by praising the efforts of the European Union, the Council and the Commission up to now.
Nevertheless, I have two concerns.
One of them relates to the link between EU aid and the parties' playing a constructive role.
This is a very tricky business.
Of course, aid is not automatic.
I would be very careful about this.
I am in favour of exercising pressure, I am in favour of the involvement of the EU, but I am against vague threats.
My second concern relates to the reaching of an agreement.
The world was too small.
Mr Lotard was almost not allowed into Macedonia.
But if the government refuses to negotiate with the rebels, who will negotiate with them?
Is the Commission involved behind the scenes, or has it been party to negotiations?
Is the Council involved?
Someone will have to make the link between the governmental agreement and the rebels.
The governmental agreement therefore needs to be linked to an agreement with the rebels.
My question to the Council and the Commission is: who is prepared to make that link?
We have said as much on previous occasions, but they appear not to trust us.
And I wonder why the people living in this area do not trust the European Union.
And now we hear you, Mr President-in-Office, calling for a minimum of contact - that is what I heard - with the extremists so as to find a political solution.
Are these not the people whom Mr Robertson was calling criminals just a few days ago?
How come we have lost Mr Robertson?
We have heard you quoting Mr Badinter.
What are Mr Badinter' s views?
If I remember correctly from what I have read in the papers, Mr Badinter said no to a state of two separate ethnic groups.
Do you support that?
We have heard Mr Patten say no to more money unless there is a political settlement.
In other words, we are depending on the political will of the extremists.
There is no symmetry between the two sides.
There is no symmetry.
Whether or not this veto will be exercised by a vice-president or whether the constitution will make provision for some other procedure for this is irrelevant.
If we move in this direction, we are moving towards the dissolution of the state.
We therefore need more stable, more serious, more reliable support from the European Union for the unity and democratisation - and they go hand in hand - of this country.
Otherwise we shall fail yet again in our policy in the Balkans.
It will not be the first time!
Commissioner Patten spoke of the responsibility which we have in the region.
Commissioner, I should like to go a step further and say what mistakes have been made.
Neither have been done. Quite the opposite!
The KLA has been given organisational structures which it did not have before.
The sin also bears a name, because it was the Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General - Bernard Kouchner is his name - who failed to do this.
We need to state this openly here.
That is why it is not enough to offer our good services for conflict resolution; we also have a duty to put right the mistakes which we have made.
I welcome the fact that NATO is on standby.
The disarmament of the KLA terrorists allows me to recognise them for what they are: terrorists and criminals and not rebels!
These KLA terrorists must be disarmed and NATO is offering to do this.
NATO must be deployed in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia with a very specific mission, namely disarmament.
Mr President, I think we should remember how the multiethnic Macedonian population coped with the conflict in Kosovo.
They received around a quarter of a million refugees, which is a very large number, considering how small a population we are talking about.
That is something we must not forget now that things are going so badly in Macedonia.
They can see economic and democratic development.
There is a need for that development throughout this area.
Where is the same will to find money now that there is a need for reconstruction and for economic and social development in the area?
This is the core of the whole peace process.
It is about finding the means, for that is how the way is also found.
And for centuries, ethnic cleansing has been the method used to impose these solutions.
This enlightened solution is currently being tested in two countries in the wider area: the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Cyprus.
It has not acted forcefully towards those engaged in violence or it has only done so unilaterally.
One gets the impression that  is reacting as if the armed Albanians were going to turn into the region' s Ghurkhas.
It was the responsibility of the forces which intervened in Kosovo to disarm the KLA. They failed to do so.
It is a well-known fact that the KLA is backed by drug dealing and by contributions which originate in our countries.
According to one newspaper article, the US administration has frozen Albanian accounts which were funding the KLA.
Europe has done no such thing.
They are responsible, but we too are jointly responsible, Commissioner, for the recurring nightmare which is the history of the Balkans.
I understand that because of time, the President-in-Office is not answering.
For many groups there was serious concern about armaments in the Balkans and the non-disarmament there.
This is a permanent and not just a local problem.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall very quickly answer all the questions that have been raised.
First of all, the presidency will try to ensure that the European Union steps up its presence in the area.
In this respect, the Federal Republic of Macedonia gives us the chance to apply our overall objective to make the European Union' s external action more visible and more effective.
Like you, we deplore the ethnic tension, which is affecting everyone including the government.
As for disarmament, this is currently taking place on a voluntary basis under NATO supervision.
However, as Mr Patten mentioned, priority should be given to trying to resume the political dialogue.
Mrs Lagendijk asked me the question to find out if contacts had been established and how they have been arranged.
Thank you for the answers you have given, Mr Michel.
The debate is closed.
We shall now proceed to the votes.
We also know, however, that it is difficult to find a hotel for fifty visitors.
That is why the visitors have to make do with hotels which are not in Strasbourg but in the surrounding area.
Obviously we want to bring Europe closer to the people and foster personal discussions between the people in the Union and Members of Parliament.
As Members we travel to Chile, to South Africa...
(The President cut the speaker off)
I would like to consider this as a point of order, but, at this stage in the agenda, you only have one minute of speaking time.
VOTE
I should like to negotiate further with the Commission on this, but I will not force the issue now provided that we can continue talking.
(Parliament approved the common position)
Simplified procedure - Procedure without report
(Parliament approved the proposal by the Commission)
(Parliament approved the proposal by the Commission)
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
Before the vote
Madam President, in these circumstances, I must put to you a personal question.
But if you voted on this then I will not put the question.
Did you vote on this matter?
No, Mr McMillan-Scott, I did not vote.
Madam President, the Conciliation Committee is of the view that the President of Parliament should vote on that matter ...
(Mixed reactions)
... and had she done so the conciliation procedure would have been sustained.
I believe that is the point.
(Mixed reactions)
Mr McMillan-Scott, you may well believe that I have not acted in the proper manner.
I gave this matter a great deal of thought beforehand. I did not rule out the possibility that I would be in this situation.
I acted as my conscience dictated.
I may well have done the wrong thing, but that is how things are.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, all presidents are at liberty to vote or not. It is their decision.
This result is absolutely clear.
There is no majority in favour of the report and we should not call this result into question.
To do so would be to challenge the effectiveness of decision-making in this Parliament.
I would, however, point out to Mr McMillan-Scott that he is pre-empting the way I would have voted.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs Fontaine, I am particularly addressing you personally.
Firstly, you have given Mr McMillan-Scott the right answer.
I congratulate you on this.
Secondly, you had the case checked in the Rules of Procedure.
You quoted the relevant passage in the Rules of Procedure, thus dispelling any doubts, and you then noted the conclusion of the vote by stating, "rejected".
In so doing you have done exactly what a conscientious president must do.
I should like to thank you for this.
(Applause)
I fully respect your personal choice.
On the matter of the vote, you have given the correct interpretation.
I entirely regret this result, but one must live as a democrat with due process.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrat Group, I would like to the European Commission.
It is clear that, in the form presented, the mergers and acquisitions (takeovers) directive, has now fallen.
It is such a fundamental and important issue that I hope we do not abandon the attempt because of this difficulty.
We cannot give a signal from this house that we are not concerned with fundamental economic dynamics in the European Union.
The Council and the Commission can help us in that regard.
The Commission has listened to you very carefully, Mr Cox.
Before the vote
That is an individual and personal right.
With regard to this directive, I would like to address not only the Commission, but also the Council.
It is a technically complex directive; Parliament cannot be called irresponsible for exercising its rights.
I shall now give the floor to Mrs Rothe, who wishes to make a short statement on a point of order.
Madam President, thank you very much for giving me the floor briefly.
I should really like to urge you to vote in favour of these amendments because I believe that we have succeeded in improving the common position considerably.
Thank you, Mrs Rothe.
Regarding Amendment No 11
Madam President, I should briefly like to call your attention to a necessary language correction.
In the final clause of Amendment 11, the Dutch translation should be amended.
At present it reads: "if the hierarchy were undermined by this" .
A correct translation of the English should read: "if this hierarchy were to be undermined" .
Madam President, I have a similar problem.
I would like it to be recorded in the minutes that there is an error in the Finnish translation of the common position regarding Mrs Rothe' s report.
The word 'products' has been left out of the Finnish version.
I have not noticed any such omission in the other language versions.
Very well.
Thank you very much for pointing this out to us.
(The President declared the common position approved as amended)
Before the vote on Amendment No 118
In one respect, I am sorry because I would have preferred the directive to have been adopted.
Therefore, why should the decision be 7 to 7 at 2 in the morning in Luxembourg?
It was the right decision and I believe that even our friends who would have preferred to conclude the matter in Luxembourg should be grateful to us.
It was a remarkable day, an emotional vote, one of those days which make you even more enthusiastic about that amazing victory of human history which is democracy.
Madam President, the EPLP delegation voted in favour of the mergers and takeover conciliation text.
Some believe that this directive did not go far enough in this direction and that there is no real genuine consultation of the workforce.
Let us be clear: this was a choice between no information and providing information to the workforce in the process of a takeover or merger.
As a senior British trade union general secretary said, it is a significant step forward and offers a chance to build a substantial foundation.
It would be wrong to oppose the directive because it does not give sufficient rights of information and consultation.
This directive would have had no effect on the acquis communautaire of employment rights in the EU, or in the national Member States.
It was a minimum requirement.
I think you agree, Madam President, that Parliament has not covered itself in glory with its tied result today.
Madam President, I welcome Mr Imbeni' s entry into the ranks of expounders of explanations of vote.
I have to say that this is not my first!
She said that if this directive had been adopted in conciliation it would have benefited pensioners. I believe her and so I voted for the motion.
Madam President, I think it is highly regrettable that the compromise achieved in the conciliation procedure is being rejected today by the smallest possible margin.
This takeovers directive was and is an important part of the final implementation of the European single market.
I would just like to raise the question of how this will affect flows of capital in Europe.
In my opinion, it is very worrying that at Lisbon last year we made some ambitious plans, which now seem to have turned out to be mere empty words.
The rejection of this directive shows that we lack the political will to take the decisions of Lisbon forward.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, today' s decision against the joint text for an EU directive on company law concerning takeover bids is regrettable.
As a result of this House' s decision to reject the directive, the European capital markets will continue to be fragmented in a key area, namely the trading of companies.
Future-oriented opportunities to increase prosperity can only be achieved through open markets and free trade.
Sadly, Parliament has deviated from this position.
The implication that Germany, for example, requires greater protection from hostile takeovers because golden shares and majority voting shares exist in other countries reflects protectionist attitudes.
One cannot pursue a protectionist course simply because other countries are doing so.
Parliament' s decision reflects a number of profoundly different expectations.
The German MEPs found that many Netherlands, Spanish and Italian colleagues gradually came to support their strategy of rejection.
No-one will mourn the final shipwreck of a text that went from concession to surrender, ending up as little more than the shadow of a common policy.
At the same time, no-one can be unaware that this bad text was largely rejected for the wrong reasons.
. (NL) It is a good thing that the European Parliament has just consigned the result of the mediation on the thirteenth directive (hostile takeovers) to the wastepaper basket.
If the Commission takes account of the feelings of the great majority in Parliament a new proposed directive can be tabled very quickly.
.
(SV) The issue is about the institutional regulations of European big business regarding the acquisition and takeover of major companies.
On the one hand, there is the Anglo-Saxon tradition, characterised by laissez-faire and open market principles.
On the other hand, there is a corporate and protectionist continental tradition.
It is no coincidence that one proposal was put forward by a German fellow member and that the counter-proposal in yesterday' s debate was advocated mostly by British fellow members.
Although Mr Lehne' s report contains certain corporate-patriarchal consideration for the staff of major companies, we do not believe that any of the alternatives serve the interests of employees.
Hence our abstention from voting.
. It was with some regret that I voted against this outcome of a conciliation procedure.
I am aware that great efforts were made to give the workforce greater access to information and to protect the rights of small shareholders.
However, I feel that Member States were not sufficiently committed to the extension of worker consultation and indeed, in some Member States, the results will be regressive.
Our approach must be coherent.
We now have to push our national governments to raise their standards to those of the best, and not hide behind an international compromise.
We should not be encouraging this approach.
There is a greater information duty for the benefit of workers, and openness must be offered with a view to future employment.
If the investigation confirms the said suspicions, the Commission will take measures accordingly.
Opponents want to reject this directive and would prefer to wait for a fresh proposal in the short term.
However, we have witnessed how national interests can substantially frustrate and delay a fresh proposal.
The time for navel-gazing is over and we cannot overlook the globalisation of our economies.
European companies must be able to compete with the rest of the world.
That also applies to our investors.
We realise that this directive will not win any prizes, but rejection brings us back to square one, and that is not in the interests of Europe.
In the final analysis, to stand still is to regress, and fear is a bad advisor.
We have therefore voted in favour.
.
(DE) The joint text for a European Parliament and Council directive on company law concerning takeover bids is rejected by my group.
The compromise approved by the Conciliation Committee is unacceptable to us.
As the proverb says, 'Time brings everything to those who wait' , and after 12 years of discussion, we could have expected that a perfect directive would be produced.
Yet the opposite is the case.
What are the problems?
1.
This means that there is no equal treatment ( 'level playing field' ).
2.
3.
European companies would be exposed to pressure from the major financial corporations in Europe, with wealth creation henceforth giving way to the sole aim of maximising profits.
This in turn increases the danger that this type of takeover will result in large-scale job shedding.
4.
The co-determination rights of workforce representatives are not sufficiently articulated.
What kind of logic is that?
Moreover, in conjunction with the directive on company law concerning takeover bids, a directive on the requirement for neutrality is urgently required.
This has been available in draft form since 1972 and has still not been adopted.
It is time for Mr Bolkestein and the Council to do their homework.
To give them the chance to do so, we have rejected the text before us.
. (NL) Most companies used to be small-scale and linked to a town or an area.
Their ownership was not anonymous and their staff worked there all their lives.
In a society where everything is subordinated to a free market and worldwide competition, companies have now become a commodity.
The consequences for employment, social cohesion in an area around the company, consumers and the scope for a democratically determined government policy is extremely negative.
That is why manageable, checkable and small-scale companies are far preferable to global giants, that are constantly surprising others and laying down the law to them.
Mergers that provide no right of veto for trade unions and government lead to accidents.
I reject this trade in companies and am voting against the proposal.
. (NL) Unfortunately, as regards the Takeover Directive, I was forced to vote against the findings of the Conciliation Committee.
Moreover, everything is concentrated on only one aspect, namely increased capitalisation, while other defensive techniques or instruments are not coordinated.
Anyone who believes that as a result of this proposal European companies will be dealt with on an equal footing, is proved wrong.
I regret, in all sincerity, that for these reasons I was bound to vote against.
Recommendation for second reading Rothe (A5-0227/2001)
Madam President, these islands are very windy and there were devices which convert wind energy into electricity.
There you are: this is the sort of Europe I like, and I believe the European citizens would like it too.
Therefore, I voted in favour of greater commitment to renewable energies.
Madam President, we have voted today, in a second reading, on the promotion of electricity produced from renewable energy sources in the internal electricity market.
The Commission' s White Paper has set us an indicative target, namely that 12% of gross energy consumption should be covered from renewable sources by 2010.
New technologies need unbureaucratic, simple and effective promotion mechanisms.
I would like to take this opportunity to underline, above all, the importance of renewable energies for the rural regions.
The production of energy and the cultivation of energy crops offer an alternative income-generation opportunity for our farmers in Europe, which must be exploited.
The multifunctionality of the rural regions can thus be strengthened and increased.
I see this as a major opportunity for agriculture and dynamic rural development in a united Europe.
Madam President, we have just voted on the definition of renewable energy sources, and we also defined the concept of biomass more precisely.
It was said that biomass shall mean the biodegradable fraction of products from agriculture, forestry and related industries.
Every gardener knows that peat is a biodegradable product.
It breaks down entirely - obviously, as it is generated biologically.
Bacteria and microbes cause it to decompose if it is taken away from its oxygen-free state.
It also decomposes on the surface of marshland.
This is what the theory of peat growth is based upon: marshland grows where there is more peat growing than decomposing.
This I hope for in the name of environmental protection.
In my own amendment, adopted by Parliament in November, restrictions were imposed on the use of peat: the capital would not be touched, but just the interest would be used.
I hope the debate will continue.
The only outstanding point was whether waste incineration should be regarded as a renewable energy source.
The Council wants to include it.
That is why the incineration of non-separated household waste should not be promoted under this directive and under a future support system for renewable energy sources.
Where the two legislative bodies disagreed most profoundly was on the question whether the national targets for the use of renewable energy sources should be mandatory or merely indicative.
In November, Parliament called emphatically for mandatory targets, but the Council was opposed.
The compromise stipulates that if the Member States have not made progress towards achieving their national indicative objectives, the Commission shall present proposals that may contain mandatory targets.
