tea bags and water bottles sit on a counter next to a sink
an old man checking his cell phone by a building 
A simple bathroom with black and orange towels.
A kitchen with a wooden center island under two lights.
A large, spacious kitchen with an island in the middle.
A center island sitting in the middle of a kitchen.
A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under two mirrors.
A kitchen with a large center island next to a stove top oven.
Two people riding horses in the dark on the street.
A white bathroom sink sitting next to a tub.
A man holding a cell phone near a window.
A white bath tub sitting under a window in a bathroom.
A kitchen with stove, refrigerator, and sink in it.
A washroom with a toilet and a glass door. 
A parking lot that has a large abundance of motorcycles and bicycles parked in it.
A woman takes a picture of her self in the bathroom mirror.
A small toilet with a toilet and washbasin.
A toilet, window and a shower in a small bathroom.
Two ladies are ready and smiling with space glasses on their foreheads.
A young man in a bathroom takes a picture of himself in the mirror.
Some very cute girls standing by a water slide with a board.
A cat curled up and hiding under a gray object.
A very cute small kid standing by a very nice bed.
A very nice looking dining table by a bright window.
A very oddly decorated small rest room with a picture.
A young boy standing in front of his car shaped bed. 
A very nice looking rest room with a big mirror.
A person laying on the floor in a bathroom next to the toilet. 
An open refrigerator with soda, salad dressings, juice and relish located on the shelves on the door. 
A man taking a picture of himself in the mirror in the bathroom. 
Two men wearing black working in a kitchen. 
Family with man and two children sitting at dining room table.
A bathroom with two toilets, a counter, a tub and several lights in it. 
A very cute rest room with a tub with a shower curtain around it.
Man on bike following green vehicle on road
Bathroom done in all white decor with tub unattached from wall
Vase with flowers sit between two sinks in the bathroom
a powder blue bathroom with a white toilet and tile floor 
Two woman standing together and one of them is holding a surfboard. 
an asian family standing in a kitchen cooking a meal
A kitchen with green colored cabinets on both sides and a man and woman on each side of the kitchen.
A man and a woman walking arm and arm while he holds a cell phone. 
a person standing in a bathroom with a sink and a mirror
a mom making sandwiches with her two daughters in the kitchen
Batter takes a hard swing of the bat during the baseball game.
A person in a very big room taking a photo in a mirror.
a small bathroom with just a toilet and sink 
Group of girls are placing cut vegetables on a slice of bread
Wooden table set up with vintage kitchen tools placed around it
Army woman holding camera above her head in kitchen
A very nice looking blender filled with some stuff.
Some players in action on the baseball field.
A man stands in front of a Jamaican food truck in a city.
Two men with aprons on standing at a counter. 
A woman checks her phone while holding her hat sitting on a bench, with a bicycle in front of her and a hedge behind her.
A man leaning on a counter in front of a cake with candles on it. 
A man standing on the sidewalk looking at something.
A kitchen center island sitting below a candle lit chandelier.
a person with a bookbag looking in a refrigerator
A stove top oven sitting inside of a kitchen.
An open laptop sitting next to a stove.
A mother preparing sandwiches for her two daughters.
A big bright yellow colored building with big windows.
Player swinging at ball with catcher holding glove out
a bath room with a toilet and a sink
A kitchen with a counter, stools, a table and cabinets. 
Man and woman on motorbike, man driving and woman sitting in side cart
A bathroom with a toilet, scatter rug, and extra toilet paper.
a large bathroom with a big tub and toilet in it
A kitchen with dark cabinets and an island with a bowl of fruit on it.
a tray in a corner of a room with buckets 
A man stares at a cake with candles
A person taking a photograph in a mirror beside a large white spa.
Bicycle sitting on bike rack on back of car
A white bathroom sink is in an unfinished home's bathroom. 
a man riding a bike and walking a dog on a leash
a kitchen with a sink a coffee maker and a microwave
a bath room with a bath tub and a toilet 
A counter top with unripe bananas and baking items.
Bathroom that has toilet sitting in the bathtub
a number of people riding bikes shaped like horses 
a person riding a motorcycle on a city street
A nice bathroom, with the tub and shower area separated from the rest of the bathroom by a glass wall.
A surfer wearing a wetsuit, surfing on a sunny day.
a bath room with a bath tub a sink and a towel
A bathroom with two doors and both of them are ajar.
a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and windows
A toilet with cleaning products on the tank
View of kitchen from another room that contains a table
A couple towels that are over a toilet.
Several people dressed up in costumes ride bicycles on the street.
a small bathroom with a shower and a sink
Sink set in corner by microwave and small refrigerator 
A man leaning on a table looking at a cake with candles.
A kitchen that has a bunch of items in it.
a sink that is attached to a wood wall
a couple of cars that are parked in the middle of the street
A kitchen in the middle of a renovation with appliances pulled from the walls.
a bath room with a bath tub a sink and a vase 
A group of three woman sitting on a beach with a dog laying in front of them.
a close up of a stop sign and a street sign above
a bath room with a shower a sink and a mirror
A typical bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
a kitchen with a stove a refrigerator and a microwave
a person riding a bike with a passanger seat 
Cream colored bathroom with crow foot bath, toilet and sink.
A laptop computer beside a kitchen stove that is displaying YouTube.
A boy in camoflague pants is laying beside a toilet in a bathroom.
Old picture of woman cooking together in the kitchen.
An empty house with appliances out of place.
A row of colorful bikes parked next to each other.
Cat resting comfortably on the dashboard of  car.
A very small oven, sink, and refrigerator in a room.
A small kitchen with a sink, coffee maker and a stove.
A sink sitting next to a toilet in a bathroom.
Some very nice looking lights in a very dimly lit room.
Some people in a very big nice looking room.
The woman in uniform is filming herself in the kitchen.
A kitchen with hard wood floors and a stove top oven.
A corner of a rest room with a very narrow shower.
A wide road seen at night lighting is seen.
The woman in the kitchen are busy preparing a meal together.
Girls at a store front in the evening 
The kitchen counter top is clean ready for us to use.
A white toilet sitting in side of a bathroom stall.
A very nice counter with some food items on it.
Ingredients and measuring cups on a kitchen counter 
a big group of people that are standing around in a kitchen
A shot of a counter in a kitchen, it has a coffee pot.
a dark room with some kind of vegetables in the window
A basket with limes, oranges, a lemon and an onion in it. 
The tiny kitchen has a small refrigerator and a microwave.
Man running along shore with MP3 on arm
Several men working together to cook fish in a cabin
a bathroom with a sink and a bathtub
A light that is on between two mirrors.
A bathroom with its clutter sink counter is displayed. 
A red stop sign that is under two green street signs.
Many ingredients for cooking lay on a counter. 
Woman walking down street from cafe with bus moving on street
A bathroom that has a picture over the toilet. 
The bathroom wall has a towel ring near the sink.
a large kitchen with a stove and some chairs
A toaster that is sitting next to a microwave.
a laptop computer is turned on by a stove
A bathtub that is sitting in a bathroom.
A kitchen with the appliances pulled out from the wall 
a small bathroom with a sink and basket
A bunch of lights that are in the street.
a bath room with a sink and a mirror 
a kitchen table covered with assorted items on it 
A kitchen island that is underneath a hanging light.
a bathroom with a sink and a mirror
An antique wash table with pitcher and bowl 
a bowl full of fruit and an onion are set out
A bathroom with a tub and two sinks.
a  big bathroom with a big tub and a toilet
The small kitchen has a dining table, a stove, and a counter with many pots and pans underneath.
Colorful bathroom with modern amenities as seen during daytime.
A kitchen has two lights in the middle that are turned on. 
Several people who are serving food in a kitchen.
The man and woman are talking in the kitchen.
Two young women in snow goggles and ski jackets smile with their snowboards. 
a bicycle with a little car seat parked next to another bike 
a bathroom with a bathtub and a mirror
a person laying on the floor while working on the back of a toilet 
A sink and bathtub are in a small room.
The small kitchen has a bar across from the stove.
a man swinging a bag as people watch him 
A cat lays down on the dash of a car. 
a dog laying on a beach next to some women
The woman is grilling food outside on a grill.
Person riding down the street on a motor bike.
a couple people that are walking across the road
A bathroom with a white toilet next to a white tub.
a man that is walking across a concrete pad
a bathroom that has a bathtub and a toilet in it
A bathroom with the tub in front of the window.
The laptop is next to the burners of a stove.
A kitchen that has a refrigerator with white cabinets, and drawers.
A woman walking down a street as a red bus approaches.
Woman taking pictures of a bathroom that's under construction.
A white bath tub sitting next to a toilet.
Two people ride on a bicycle with an open umbrella.
A photographer holding a camera is looking in a mirror.
A street that has several different types of vehicles on it.
Computer open to you tube sitting next to burners
A metal sink sitting inside of a kitchen.
a couple of women that are standing next to some food
There is a toilet and a bathtub in a bathroom.
There is a sink by the window of a small kitchen.
A sink that is a wash basin with a pot underneath.
A young woman sitting next to a kitchen counter top.
a yellow house that has some bikes leaning on it
A man cooking food on top of a hot plate.
A bathroom sink with person care items on it.
A pink bathroom features a large low white ceramic tub. 
A white sink next to a trash can in a dilapidated building.
A man preparing food while standing in a kitchen.
The appliances are pulled out from their spot in the kitchen.
The kitchen area is clean and ready to use.
The kitchen counter is clean and ready to use.
A black refrigerator freezer inside of a kitchen.
a kitchen with white tile and an island
A guy holding up a long item by a very cute girl.
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A close up view of some stuff sitting on a sink.
A pan sitting on top of a stove top under a wooden spoon.
a fridge is open with food on the shelves
a small kitchen with wood cabinets and counters
a wood table covered with vases and pots
A man plays an upright bass in a kitchen.
A bathroom with toilet, sink, shelf, and towel ring.
a small kitchen with a bed next to it
A group of men standing around parked motorcycles.
A public bathroom with sink and toilet 
Some people outside a road side business at night.
A bathroom with a small window showing toilet and shower 
A white bath tub sitting next to a toilet.
A storefront with a bicycle and motorized scooter parked out front 
A man and woman smile as she holds his arm while crossing a street.
a man is taking his own picture in a bathroom
a group of women are on a beach with a dog
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet
A group of sweet treats sitting on top of a white plate.
Bright street light shining down on the street.
The large kitchen table and cabinets are made of wood.
A glass of wine sitting on the edge of a table 
Some people on a bike with a very pretty umbrella.
A refrigerator door open showing the contents in the door 
The man is jogging close to a bicyclist.
A kitchen being remodeled with a few appliances.
a large kitchen with stainless steel appliances and marble counter tops
A city street filled with cars and a bus.
Men stand around in a kitchen watching another man filet a fish
an old fashioned green and white bathroom with toilet, sink and tub
some women are sitting together on a beach
A bowl of citrus fruit an apple,and an onion in a bowl
A kitchen counter with coffee maker, bread maker and a candy dish visible.
A bathroom with a toilet, tub and two windows.
Two men and two women make breakfast plates in a kitchen.
A street filled with people and vehicles near a town.
A large kitchen with a large center island.
a glass walled shower in a white bathroom
A man barbecues outside on a chill day
a white breakfast bar in a large home kitchen
A glass of red wine on the corner of a table.
The interior of a motor home with a sink and bunked bed.
A bathroom with metal trash can urinals and a dummy in a skirt inside of it.
There is a glass of wine sitting on the table.
Vegetables line the shelves in a room where they are prepared.
A kitchen with stainless steel stove and a kitchen table and chairs.
white cabinets in a clean home kitchen area
A cat laying on clothes in the sink. 
A shirtless man running on a paved walkway next to the beach.
A bathroom with double sinks and a bathtub 
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a blue jacket.
A laptop computer sitting next to cooking utensils.
A glass of rose wine on the corner of a table
A man riding a bike past another man without a shirt.
There are many types of vegetables on the shelves.
A bowl of hot sauce on top of a table.
A bathroom with a white toilet next to a shower.
A woman riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
A man running with sunglasses on swimming trunks on. 
a woman is walking near a red bus coming down the road
A statue of a bunny face on a woman's body on a bicycle. 
a couple of women are standing in a pool
A bathroom with wooden walls and a white sink.
Two green streets signs above an old stop sign.
A man standing next to a parked motorcycle.
A man and woman looking in a small refrigerator.
A bathroom with sink, toilet and claw foot tub 
A small tiled bathroom with shower and sink.
a white tub in a large home bathroom
A kitchen with a large stainless steel refrigerator.
A large kitchen with a large island in the middle 
A woman riding on a bicycle on the sidewalk with an open umbrella. 
A little girl standing in front of a sandwich on a plate.
View of modern kitchen area with appliances and cabinets.
A kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, sink, spice rack and cabinets. 
A bathroom showing tub, sink, and toilet 
People hanging out in a kitchen eating and drinking 
A bunch of kitchen appliances are on the kitchen counter. 
Two men stand in a kitchen with wooden cabinets.
A person is cooking something on the stove. 
A bathroom with a toilet, tub and a bucket in the tub. 
a kitchen filled with appliances like a toaster and a microwave 
The dining table is in the middle of the large kitchen.
A white toilet sitting next to a sink.
There is a red motorcycle parked on the street.
A bathroom with brown tiles, a sink, toilet, and bathtub. 
A bathroom with a black and white tiled floor.
Adult on scooter or roadway passing stairs and parking area.
An older man uses a cell phone outside of a window.
Modern bathroom with white sink counter and green back splash.
Adult riding breaking wave in open ocean on clear day.
A bathroom with a white sink under a  mirror.
A cat that has made a bed in the bathroom sink with towels
a man is walking with a horse outside
a bar of soap on a  white sink in a bathroom
A sink with different hygiene products on it.
a toilet with some walls and bars on each side of it 
A man leaning over a sink with knife covered in brain matter.
A view of a large kitchen with marble counters and dark wood cabinets.
A bathroom mirror, sink, and light are next to a curtain
A man riding a bicycle away from an intersection in a city.
Cars streaking by on city roadway as seen at night.
some men are standing outside with their motorcycles
A bathtub and a toilet are in the bathroom with a striped rug
Modern well lit bathroom in residential home under construction.
some people standing by the corner of the street 
a cat is laying in a bathroom sink
A picture of motorcyclists is taken from up high
a bunch of soaps and stuff on a bathroom sink
A man leans on a table looking at a chocolate cake with candles on it. 
A man in a baseball uniform and hat on the grass with a mitt on. 
a cat is sleeping on a car dash board
a woman is walking down the sidewalk outside
A man holds the reins of a horse while walking through an empty area with apartment buildings in the distance.
a bathroom with a green trim and a big mirror above the sink 
This man was given a homemade chocolate cake for his birthday
A black cat rolls in the sink ready for a bath
A SMALL BATHROOM WITH LIGHT TILE FLOORS ON THE GROUND
The man led the horse on a rope.
A MODERN DAY BATHROOM WITH A LARGE MIRROR
A PERSO RIDING A WAVE IN THE OCEAN ON A SURF BOARD 
a group of people are preparing food in a kitchen
A red motorcycle built for travel and comfort is parked on the roadside.
a bike parked on the outside of a buiding
A bowl of sauce on a counter with other bowls of chopped ingredients.
a desk with a laptop next to a cutting board 
a batroom with black walls and a big tub 
a bath room with a toilet and a sink
a cat laying on a car dashboard under the windshield 
a bathroom with pink tiled walls and a little mirror
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used.
a person on the ground working on the back of a toilet 
a person reading a book and cooking food on a stove
a person holding a wake board near some water 
A bowl full of different kinds of fruits and an onion
A large kitchen with stainless steal appliances and wooden cabinets.
Someone is eating while doing work on the laptop
The bathroom has a toilet and a sink in it.
a bath room with a toilet and a bath tub 
A knife and spatula on a cutting board next to an open laptop.
a couple of bikes are parked on a sidewalk
A woman walking down a street as a bus approaches. 
The kitchen is clean and ready to be cooked in
The stop sigh is for Springs road. 
a kitchen with a table and chairs with a stove
a a baseball player with a glove on the field
There is a man standing next to the counter in the kitchen.
The interior of a small bathroom with toilet
a tub and toilet in a small bathroom
a bathroom with a sink, mirror and a shelf
Interior of bathroom with shower curtain and toiletries
There is a bathroom with an old bathtub and toilet.
a bathroom with graffiti on the wall and a window
A COUNTRY STYLE KITCHEN WITH MARBLE TOP ISLAND AND A WOOD TABLE 
a number of different vegtables in a kitchen near one another 
The bowl has apples, limes, lemon and onion in it. 
A ELEGANT ALL WHITE KITCHEN WITH WOO FLOORING AND CHANDELIER 
The bathroom has a sink and mirror in it. 
A group of people gather on a sidewalk beside a police car.
A bright red bicycle parked on the road.
unable to see this image in this particular hit
a wooden and white bathroom surrounded by windows
A bunch of fresh vegetables in a bin.
A kitchen table that has a vase on it.
A man that is on a motorcycle with a black helmet.
A train compartment is full of bikes lined against the wall.
A small half bathroom with sink and toilet.
a man is standing in a public bathroom with pictures on the walls
A table, stove and refrigerator in a kitchen.
a bathroom with a sink and toilet in it 
a person on a surf board riding the waves
a woman is working over a pot of food on an oven
a person holding a orange over a cup
a bathroom with a cat walking across the sink 
A plate has five desserts in individual wrappers sitting on it.
A small piece of several desserts on a plate.
a dark room with a small lamp inside of it 
Sink with soap pump, toothbrush holder, empty toilet paper roll, soap
The young an is carrying his surfboard on the beach.
a man on a blue motorcycle riding down the street
A man takes a picture of himself in the bathroom mirror.
A man leading a horse around the town.
A bathroom tiled and decorated in mostly white.
A woman looking at an open book away from the stove.
a man and woman in a cluttered kitchen.
A small bathroom with a pedestal sink an orange printed shower curtain.
a black seat on a toilet in a bathroom
two men standing on holding a bike next to a bunch of bikes
A red motorcycle parked near a curb with a man standing behind.
A bare looking kitchen with sink, microwave, oven, and refrigerator.
A guy in a black jacket walking away from a black motorcycle.
A soldier holds a camera to record something in a kitchen.
The friends are standing around their motor bikes.
Motorcycle parked on road with man standing nearby
a lot of stuff is on top of a kitchen counter
Two people bending over looking in a small refrigerator. 
A kitchen with a tables that has various items on it.
A corner tub, shiny tile floor, in white bathroom.
A bathroom that has an adjustable shower head.
A kitchen that has tile floor and wooden cabinets. 
A street that has cars going through an intersection.
The small bathroom has lights above the sink mirror.
People stand talking around a brick kitchen island.
The statue of a cat riding a bike is on the sidewalk
Small sink area with mirror in tiled bathroom.
The old man is outside using his phone
a woman is leaning and reaching into a fridge
a couple of chairs in front of a kitchen counter
The treats are prepared and ready to be eaten
Household bathroom with racks and cleaning supplies on hand.
A person looking at a book and stirring a pot on the stove
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
A man in shorts is caring a large blue surfboard.
a car is parked next to a curb with its brake lights on
a small sink and mirror in a bathroom
The people are stopping to get something to eat
Three girls standing on the sidewalk near a small business.
Modern kitchen with appliances in small area of residence.
a down view of the inside of a white toilet
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
The man is walking along the beach while carrying a surfboard.
A residential bath room painted pale blue 
some people standing around in the kitchen 
The car was  stopped by the red light
Two women snowboarders smiling and holding their boards.
a black fridge in a clean home kitchen
The baseball player is running for the ball
The interior of a bathroom with large mirror and fixtures
a woman is riding a bike with an umbrella
The bathroom is clean and ready to be used
Mobile phone displayed on wooden table with literature.
A man with glasses looking down at his cellular device.
People in costumes, riding their bikes down the street.
The cell phone is placed on a wooden table.
Motorcyclists walking away from parked motorcycle by store
A cutting board, knife, and spoon next to a laptop.
a motorcycle is parked out by a shop
A bathroom someone has decorated with a wooden motif.
A lady wearing camouflage has a video camera in her hand.
The refrigerator, stove and microwave are on the same side of the kitchen.
a coffee maker is sitting on a marble counter top
Kitchen food workers preparing items at large metal table.
Assorted desert items displayed in small paper squares in white plate.
dirty dishes on the counter and on the stove
several motorcycles parked in an alley between two buildings
A guy with a cap holding a blue surfboard.
A person walking alone on a beach near a pier.
a cat sitting next to a round container in a yellow room
Motorcyclists riding in separate lane from regular city traffic.
Chopped ingredients in little bowls lined up on a kitchen counter
A wooden framed mirror and shelf above a bathroom sink
A kitchen with  standard appliances and wooden cabinets.
A car that is sitting at a red light.
A kitchen island that has a light above it.
A cat sitting on a counter in a room.
A kitchen with a refrigerator, coffee maker and counter. 
There is a bathroom with a sink, tub and shower curtain.
A futuristic picture of people standing in a room women in short outfits, man in white jacket, and some silver looking rims or baskets.
A cameraman videos a player from inside of the scoreboard.
The city is busy during this time of day.
A man stands preparing a meal at the kitchen counter.
A deep bath in a bathroom with louvered shuttered windows 
A bunch of cars that are in the street.
A toilet that is next to a bathtub in a bathroom.
Looking down at a woman in a kitchen consulting a cookbook
A bunch of people that are near motorcycles.
A bathroom that has white tile floors and walls with a large mirror over a dual sink and a bathtub and toilet on the other side.
Someone holding a lemon over a strainer while plucking out the seeds.
A cat walking on a bathroom counter near the sink.
Getting ready to bake something with flour, bananas, vanilla, and assorted baking utensils.
a flip phone is sitting on a wood table
A man on a motorcycle driving in  heavy traffic.
A bottle of air fresher is on the back of a toilet.
The traffic signal is green on a busy four lane street.
Three helmeted motorcyclists are standing near their bikes.
a man and a woman are looking at a phone
The street sign is clearly visible for all to see.
refrigerator table and chairs a light and cabinets
A bike parked next to a large building.
Modern tiled kitchen with appliances and wood cabinets.
A bathroom mirror over a sink shows a tub and toilet.
A person standing in a room with some dishes.
A large white bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.
Modern kitchen with large counter area and seating in home.
A man holds a knife close to his face while leaning over a sink. 
A black cell phone on a wood table.
There is a bathroom with white tile floors.
A couple of people are looking in a small refrigerator.
Adult working on removing seeds from fruit being prepared in kitchen.
Cat standing on sink edge in decorated residential bathroom.
There is a bathroom with blue walks and a white sink.
A person standing by a bottle on a counter.
Commode in earth toned bathroom area of residence.
A man walking in the sand with a surfboard.
A group of people in a room with some food.
A microwave and a bowl of food on a counter.
Modern professional cook's kitchen features ample shelf space and two range tops and ovens.
A mirror and a window in a room.
This kitchen is clean and organized, and has papers taped on the freezer door. 
A biker in a jacket and helmet rushes through traffic.
A white sink and a shower in a room.
A kitchen with a laptop computer on one of it's counters.
A woman that is sitting on a bike.
A man who is sitting down reading something.
A couple of small children sitting in front of a laptop computer.
some chairs a refrigerator a microwave and a sink
A wooden framed mirror that is above a sink.
A surfer is shown walking up the beach with a pier in the background.
a toilet with out a toilet seat and a shelf
Several people in a kitchen with hair nets and gloves on.
A marble counter top that is in a kitchen.
A bathroom is pictured with white tile floors.
A toilet seat that near a toilet paper roll.
A group of people that are on motorcycles in the street.
A coffee maker sitting on top of a counter next to a candy jar.
Large kitchen area with lots of cabinets and refrigerator.
The owner of this bathroom keeps a Wired Magazine handy.
A room filled with lots of misplaced clutter.
A man is standing in front of a display.
A white bathroom sink sitting next to a tub.
a male in a white jacket and some mannequins
A group of women who are around a counter.
A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and drawers.
A kitchen with lots of wooden cabinets and counter tops.
A young boy standing next to a bike near a body of water.
A small dirty kitchen with open cabinet doors. 
A sink that has a mirror over it.
Artwork on sidewalk outside city building showing female caricature rider.
a mirror a sink shower curtains lights and white tiles
A kitchen that has a stainless steel refrigerator.
a white stove a sink a cabinet and black counter
The woman is stirring whats in the pan with a wooden spoon.
A kitchen that has stainless steel appliances in it.
This an empty, master bathroom of a vacant house. 
An image of a young woman and a man are in bathroom mirror. 
A woman who is leaning on a kitchen counter.
The man is sitting on a bench next to a bicycle. 
a kitchen with a black table and chairs and a white fridge
A woman that is laying down on a bench.
an open refrigerator door and some bottles and a bag
A bathroom with a wooden frame around the mirror
This kitchen is very large with a lot of cupboard and cabinet space. 
a wood panel bath tub in a bathroom
a fake person is sitting on a bicycle
a purple bathroom with a sink toilet mirror and window
a person in a long coat and an umbrella 
a couple of black topped sinks in a bathroom
A man with glasses standing at a train station
A man is holding a skateboad and a pepsi.
a girl is riding a bike and a girl is walking 
A bathroom in a home still under construction
A few chefs hard at work in a restaurant kitchen
white cabinets a sink stove refrigerator and a window
A white sink sitting next to a bath tub in a bathroom.
a girl posing on steps holding an umbrella
People cooking food on a long wooden table.
A girl with an umbrella standing next to stairs.
A kitchen is neat and has pictures on the fridge.
A laptop sits in a small, clean kitchen. 
A Wired magazine placed above a toilet in a small bathroom.
a skateboarder in a red shirt and another in camelflage clothes
A kitchen is small and cluttered with plants. 
a toilet a phone a counter and a shelf
a brown black and white dog and a cone collar
a child on the sand and a boat and some water
Bicycle rider takes a break at a storefront window.
A kitchen is filled with appliances and plants.
A kitchen with range and white refrigerator behind a black dining table.
A child and a man in fatigues standing with skateboards.
A woman standing on top of some steps.
A large public bathroom with wood covering on the walls
a break room that is empty with just coffee maker and fridge 
People sitting at a bench in a park split by a road
a toilet view with nothing inside of it in a small space 
a white kitchen cluttered with plants everywhere and pots on the freezer
A man standing behind a counter preparing food.
some brown cabinets and a white oven in a kitchen
a man in motor cycle gear walking toward a clothing store
a renovated kitchen and a wood floor and steel fridge 
a man is wearing a hat next to a bike
a white toilet and sink in a home bathroom
a man in blue is riding on a motorcycle
a ladder and a toilet in a white bathroom 
The shirtless surfboard rider is walking on the sandy beach.
Motorcyclists riding down the street with partition and cars on the other side.
a spoon is in a bowl of red liquid
Two older men are sitting on the bench bordering the street.
Woman riding a bike on a street with parked cars.
A photo of the past where two men walk down a road
A group of people standing in a  field flying a kite.
Two people flying a kite above pine trees.
A group of young lades standing around a table.
a man in a top hat is standing in a crowd
A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
a hydrant is sitting outside in the dirt
a large bathroom with a lot going on
a toaster oven some brown cabinets and a sink
A man cuts things in a sink with cigarettes. 
some cabinets a table a sink and a microwave
There is a magazine laying open on the counter.
A bright kitchen with yellow walls and cabinets. 
some people are on the grass playing frisbee
a lady that is on her bike going down the road
a big kitchen that has a lot of open space
Five cooks in hairnets work in a restaurant kitchen.
Somebody wrote graffiti on the wall of this bathroom. 
A road with traffic in line and street lights and traffic lights.
a busy road with some motorcycle's and some cars
a bathroom with some beige walls and a brown cabinet
A kitchen with a refrigerator freezer sitting next to a  counter.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
a man that is standing up in a kitchen with some cups
a person that is next to a bike on a fence
Two people standing at a counter holding a knife in their hands cutting a cake.
A man leaning over a sink with a liquid running down his face.
The mature man seems to be reading something.
A couple of men riding horses on top of a green field.
We are looking at an old picture of a ribbon cutting ceremony.
A man walking down the beach carrying a surf board. 
An electric tooth brush sitting on top of a wooden table.
A woman leaning over a table with a glass of wine.
A laptop on the counter in a kitchen. 
A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
a woman and two children are making food 
A bathroom with sink, mirror, and shower in it.
a silver bicycle with wooden basket cars snow and buildings
A man sits on the ledge of an enclosure reading. 
A kitchen with cabinets, dishwasher, and sink in it.
A kitchen with a wooden table sitting next to a counter top.
two horses and their riders on some grass
A kitchen sink in a hotel room. 
An empty bathroom with a closed door, walk in shower, sink, and toilet.
a couple of people that are on some skateboards
a silver refrigerator a stove a microwave and a male making food
two people on a motorcycle a man with baskets on a push cart
Everything in the small bathroom, the toilet, sink, walls and towels are all beige and brown.
A wooden table sitting in the middle of a kitchen.
A woman posing near  the stairs with her umbrella.
A woman standing behind a stove top inside of a store.
A white toilet inside of a bathroom stall with not seat.
A man riding a bike down a street next to traffic.
A couple of people standing in a show covered field flying kites.
A cat laying across the dashboard of a car.
A woman riding a bike down a street with a pink umbrella.
A woman sanding in a  kitchen in front of an oven.
A group of chefs preparing food inside of a kitchen.
A bathroom with a toilet next to a urinal and a sink.
A woman sitting on top of a bench on a boat.
A female soldier is in a kitchen with a camera. 
A kitchen counter with wine bottles, fruit, and plates sitting on it.
An alleyway that has a bike and a scooter parked in it.
A small and crowded residential bathroom with a crooked toilet.
A wall with a lot of writing on it.
A crowded kitchen counter top in the midst of food preparation.
A number of scooters and bicycles parked in an alley.
There is a family cooking dinner together. 
A small white kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white refrigerator.
A male pedestrian on a sidewalk as traffic passes by.
A group of people engaged in meal preparation in a large white room.
A woman is drinking out of a cup and looking at her cell phone. 
Dozens of bike sitting in car on both sides of two men.
A very tall clock tower towering over a city.
A bathroom with a sink, tolet and bathtub in it.
A Siamese cat laying on top of a chair.
View of toilet next to sink with huge mirror above it
A white toilet sitting next to a bathroom sink.
A kitchen with a metal stove top oven.
The chef giving another restaurant a taste of the sauce
A group of men standing around each other in a room.
Man sliding down the hill on his snowboard
A stove top sitting inside of a kitchen under cooking utensils mounted on a wall above it.
A few birds walking along an alley way.
A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.
A large clock sitting above a fire place in a living room.
A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench on top of a green field.
A brown dog standing in a kitchen on top of tiles.
A man sitting on a beach in front of the ocean.
A couple of women riding bikes along a sandy beach.
Guy pokes through the wall recording the baseball game as a outfielder goes for the ball.
Chefs in a large industrial kitchen preparing food.
Stool chair positioned in front of the laptop on the kitchen counter
A silver bicycle on a stone walk in the snow.
A large bathroom with a white tub next to two toilets.
A bike is parked on a sidewalk next to a street. 
A plastic cat girl rides a plastic bike
A toilet with a wooden seat sitting up against a wall.
An old photo of a ribbon cutting at an event. 
This is a picture of a guy staring at a lake.
A man holding a knife and leaning over a dirty sink.
A picture of the inside of a bathroom.
There is a person getting ready to juice an orange.
There is cat standing on a sink looking at the faucet.
The inside of bathroom with views of the bath tub and vanity.
A bathroom decorated in wood decor with a step up tub. 
A woman reading a book on a park bench. 
A very posh washroom with toilet washbasin and other utility things.
A man in army fatigues and a young boy taking a break from skateboarding. 
A woman stands at a stove stirring ingredients in a skillet on a back burner.
A small bare kitchen doesn't look lived in.
A black refrigerator at the end of an L-shaped counter topped with a microwave, coffeemaker and stainless steel sink.
A small kitchen has some plants by the door.
A bathroom sink has a lot of toiletries on it.
A wooden table with cooking utensils sitting on it.
A smirking man in a striped shirt holds his hands outstretched, a different coffee cup in each.
A woman is reading while sitting on a park bench.
A bike with a  wooden basket sitting on top of a brick road.
A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food under two lights.
Kitchen counter cluttered with stuff next to the oven.
A subway train sitting next to a platform next to a man.
A group of bikers riding down a highway.
A couple riding a motorcycle past a man with a basket cart.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and cupboards and wood framed windows..
A tabby cat sitting next to a small round wicker box.
A couple stands around on their phones as they get something to drink
A person sitting on a bench looking at a book.
A young man is walking with a blue surfboard.
A bathroom with a large white tub next to a window.
A woman standing in front of a white sink.
The two men are sitting on the bench near the park.
A young man is doing a skateboard trick.
a lady that is leaning on a table
a black and white checkered floor in a bathroom
We are looking at an old photo of a rundown street.
A bathroom has a black and white checkered floor.
There is a laptop open on the counter in the kitchen.
A counter area with a stove, plates and a rack for utensils.
Two black birds on alley between buildings and bicycles.
Some cooks are in an industrial kitchen setting.
A raised platform with draped columns supports a stand, featuring a bowl with a burning candle standing before a picture of a woman.
a shirtless guy looking at his cell phone
a guy holding his phone and a lady looking at her phone
Two people on a train car full of bicycles.
a large bathroom with a sink and a big tub
We are looking at a view of a modern kitchen.
a man that i standing up by some pots and pans
a bathroom that has  a sink and a toilet 
A city street lined with buildings and street lights.
an overhead view of a toilet with no seat
a bathroom with a large sink in it
A bathroom has an above ground enclosed bathtub.
A bathroom area with writing on the wall and a mirror.
A red table topped with four white place mats.
A kitchen has red hanging pots and pans.
a small bathroom that has a sink and a toilet
People are sitting around a table with donuts.
a road that has a few people on bikes
A kitchen area with stove, oven and a white refrigerator.
A plain bathroom has a white toilet and bathtub.
People are standing around a brick island in a kitchen.
a bathroom with a sink, toilet and tub. 
A man holding a lemon of a metal container with a strainer.
A cat standing on top of a bathroom sink. 
A very cute dog with a big round item on its neck.
A large yellow thing floating in the ocean by shore.
A very messy and cluttered kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and stove. 
a couple of people that are sitting on a bench
A very neat looking kitchen with a small stove.
Entrance to bathroom with shower, bathtub, sink with vanity, and white toilet commode.
A very dimly lit kitchen with a nice stove.
A very nice looking rustic style kitchen with wooden walls.
A cook and waiter are talking in a restaurant. 
a bathroom that has a sink and a shower
A very big nice looking kitchen that is well lit.
a bike that is parked on a brick road
a little table that has pans hanging above it
A kitchen with a white narrow refrigerator and wooden side table with pots and pans hanging above.
A kitchen with lots of track lighting and appliances.
Two people flying a kite in a field with a forest in the background.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator and wooden side table and hanging pots and pans.
A stove top with a large red hot burner.
A kitchen with a sink and white stove and white walls
A woman takes a picture of herself in a mirror.
An older man wearing glasses standing in a kitchen.
A kitchen with two sinks, microwave, cabinets, drawers and vases. 
A bathroom sink sitting under a mirror next to a doorway.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a kitchen.
Two children play on a laptop while their mother cleans dishes behind them.
A very cute cat sitting by a small item.
Two men in a restaurant kitchen touching fingers 
A bathroom area with a toilet, sink and a towel rack.
A bathroom area with a toilet, black cat and a television.
a surfer carrying his surf board walking into the water
A glass of wine sitting on the top of a swimming pool side.
Men working in a restaurant kitchen at an island 
A man is finishing a run down a mountain on a snowboard.
a person that is standing in a kitchen
An old bathroom sink in a bathroom 
A man dressed in snow apparel and sunglasses, on a snowboard going down a slope.
A man and a boy fly kites in the snow in front of pine trees.
A woman in tie dye shirt playing frisbee in a grassy area.
A corner of a room with a bunch of clutter on it.
Cat sitting on a table, intent on watching something.
Several people in a park sitting, standing, running and playing with frisbees. 
a car and a boat behind a pink gate
A beautiful woman riding a bike across a street.
a fancy bathtub and two black and white toilets in a palace looking room
A man standing in a kitchen holding a coffee cup and a regular cup.
a couple of benches that have a women on one of them
a photo of a kitchen with a fridge and oven and table
A guy in a sweater in a room holding some cups.
Women riding bicycles at ocean beach near surf.
a kitchen with a small stove few cabinets and a dishwasher
a lady that has a flashlight into a mirror
A large sunny kitchen with a table for six in it 
Man standing in kitchen holding cups in hand.
a photo of a bathroom with a toilet and a mirror and a window
a msall group of people inside a kitchen with a fridge and a microwave
A young skateboarder in the air at a skatepark
A woman holding a teddy bear next to a woman in a red dress.
A handsome sink on a long pedestal in a bathroom
A beautiful woman in a tight dress holding a smart phone.
a smeared vision of a bicycle rider and a park bench
a women that is behind some kind of counter
A kitchen with a stove, cabinets, tea kettle, sink and frying pans in it. 
A sleek kitchen with wood and stainless steel appliances.
A bike parked on the side of a street with a trunk on back of it.
a dog that is sitting inside a house
a person that is playing in the water next to the ocean
A bathroom showing sink with large mirror and toilet 
two cooking pans on an electric heating stove
A section of kitchen counter and shelves, with a sink visible.
Black and white image of a large analog clock over a fireplace.
A window sill filled with apples, lemons and oranges.
A group of men standing around each other wearing hats.
A man holding a surfboard while standing in the ocean.
Image of a restroom with toilet and sink visible.
a couple of people that have kites in the sky
a sink that has some soap with some fruit in the window
Their is people walking towards the bus stop
A dog standing on the floor with a mesh cone on its head 
A boy sitting in the sand next to the shore of an ocean with some type of boat just off shore 
A smart phone sitting on top of a wooden table.
a room that has a sink and a bath tub in it
a guy on a skateboard that is doing a trick
A woman riding a bike down a street.
a man and a woman sitting a very far away from each other
A white bathroom with the windows open letting in sun
A bathroom with a white sink sitting next to a white bath tub.
A blue car and white boat in driveway behind a gate.
A kitchen in a large empty house 
A man in the air skateboarding at the park 
a person in the ocean holding a surfboard in the water
A set of two photographs of two different kitchens.
A room has a fireplace and a clock above of it
A man taking a selfie without wearing a shirt.
A cat sitting on top of a red and blue cart.
a reflection in the mirror of a woman taking a photo
A clean looking bathroom has a white shower curtain.
A black cat standing in a metal sink in a kitchen.
A small bathroom has a phone by the toilet.
A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tile covered wall.
there is a dining room table with a red cloth and a vase with roses
A woman is taking a picture in front of a mirror.
We are looking at an old photo of a young man.
There are many items on the shelf behind the toilet.
Guy cutting the ribbon at an opening ceromony.
A white refrigerator freezer sitting next to a stove top oven.
A cat is laying in the back of a car.
There is a pot rack above a small wooden rack.
There is a case hanging from a hook in the bathroom.
A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet in a bathroom.
A very large bathroom has red walls and lights
A bathroom with a white bath tub sitting under two windows.
a bath room with a toilet a trash can and a towel rack
A woman sitting in front of a bathroom mirror taking a selfie.
Four bottles of red wine in front of stacked plates
The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
two people riding bikes on a bike near the water 
there are two men and a woman chef in the kitchen 
An electric toothbrush sits in its charging station.
There are four glasses of wine on the counter.
The tower of the building has a clock displayed on it.
a table with a red tablecloth and white placemats
A spacious bathroom with two toilets, a tub and two sinks. 
A sitting area outside that shows two people sitting on opposite ends.
a black and white photo of a person wearing a suit and tie
Two women riding classic bicycles on the beach 
A kitchen with a chef pointing at another person near the stove.
a topless man stands in front of the mirror in the bathroom, taking his picture
An electric toothbrush sits in its charging station on a table.
A man walking past a cleaner near a parking meter.
a person in a kitchen with a stove a microwave and a sink
Three chefs working together in a restaurant kitchen
a kitchen with a stove a sink and some cupboards
A white toilet sitting in a room near a doorway.
a lady holding a wooden spoon cooking in a skillet on the stove
A messy kitchen with a table, stove, open cabinet doors and books on the table.
A man riding a bike in front of a red city bus.
A woman and two girls at a counter making sandwiches. 
There are many people on the hill side watching the kite.
two people riding on a scooter on a city street
A kitchen with wood cabinets and white countertops.
We are looking at the vanity in a small bathroom.
There are three chefs working in the kitchen.
A bathroom with a white tub sitting next to a sink.
A crowd of young people standing in a kitchen having conversations.
A woman in a kitchen near a box of Christmas decorations.
two modern style sinks in front of a mirror in a public bathroom
A bathroom cabinet with glass doors above a toilet, between a bathtub and sink.
Little girl riding a bycicle in a neighborhood.
a closeup of an OralB electric toothbrush in front of extra toothbrush heads
a modern kitchen with a high-powered oven stove top and other kitchen furniture
A kitchen with a sink, stove, oven and a dishwasher.
A small bathroom with a sink and toilet that has the lid open.
An open residential kitchen area with wood features.
A large bathroom with white-tile floor and white and red ceramic tile on walls with an old fashioned sink and a mirror is behind it.
A group of people are at a long dining table.
A bike parked next to a bench with two people on it.
A smiling woman standing in front of a stove
A woman smiles in front of the oven in her kitchen.
The man is in the kitchen working by himself.
A kitchen has red cabinets and yellow floor.
A white electric toothbrush in a silver holder.
The bathrobe is hanging on the door of the bathroom.
A magazine on the back of a toilet in a small bathroom.
A young girl stands next to a bike, overlooking a lake
A plate mounted to a wall next to a cat clock with crazy eyes.
A young lady talking to a young man in a kitchen.
A little girl is riding a pink bicycle as other children are standing behind her in a residential neighborhood.
A small bathroom, with only the toilet and sink visible
Part of a bathroom is shown, with a toilet and a television over it and a cat standing on the ledge.
Two frying pans sit empty on a small stove.
A man carrying vegetables in a cart with a large woven basket.
a child with a bicycle looking through a rail fence at the water below
A residential kitchen with white counters and wooden cabinets.
A man walks by a parking meter and an old building with letters from what it is missing.
a person taking a photo in a bath room mirror
a horse has his head over a wooden rail and a bike is parked next to a tree.
a close up of a stove with with different items on it 
A person in a wet suit carrying a surfboard out to the ocean.
This is a picture of three grown men. 
A bike with a box on it's back wheel is parked
A clean bathroom with the sun shining through
This is a picture of a man standing on a street.
There are two guys looking at a lot of bikes.,
This is a picture of a white bathroom
This is a picture of a cat standing near a toilet.
Two men are on horses that are reared back.
A bathroom scene looking at the sink and the toilet.
A bathroom scene with a cat and a television above the toilet.
One person can be seen walking down the platform of this station.
There is a counter top stove with different items made to look like figures.
A man standing at a bar mixing drinks.
A toilet with a wired magazine on top of it's tank.
A shaved cat with a very large head wearing a purple harness.
A siamese cat laying on a brown carpet.
two guys looking at their phones and another guy is wearing an  orange hat
A man walking along the platform next to a subway car.
a bath room with a toilet and tiled walls
A kitchen filled with lots of white appliances.
a kitchen with lights hanging from the ceiling 
An electric stove with objects placed around it. 
A bathroom with a brown seat on the toilet. 
three people in a kitchen preparing food 
There is a young child riding a bicycle down a sidewalk.
A woman in a kitchen with a sink, stove and an oven.
A menage has been constructed out of kitchen gadgets.
a close up of a cat laying near a window
Men in a kitchen are seen through a widow opening.
a bath room with a sink a mirror and a bath tub
Oranges, lemons, and apples sit on a windowsill.
Reflection in a mirror of a shirtless man standing with one hand in his pants pocket, looking and holding a power razor in other hand, leaning up against wall with tiny, square, pastel colored tiles, by a closed door.
A woman standing in a twist position with arm extended, and a Frisbee in the air near her, in a grass park with trees, with people playing Frisbee, walking and lounging in the grass on a sunny day.
a bathroom with a sink and mirror above it 
A woman in a pink shirt behind a bar. 
wood cabinets in a black counter top kitchen
two people at a table with a cake 
A full view of a bathroom with white toilet and sink. 
A photo taken at a train station with a train at the platform.
a vintage photo of a bathroom with a toilet an tub
a kitchen with a oven and a fridge in it 
A bathroom with a tub, shower, scale, toilet and sink.
A pair of horses performing tricks in a field. 
A woman smiles as she stands in a kitchen.
a bunch of traffic driving in front of a building 
A group of people eating Krispy Creme sitting ina board room setting.
THERE ARE CARS AND A TRUCK THAT IS PARKED IN THE PARKING LOT 
A view of the ceiling of a kitchen with several light bulbs.
A kitchen with a stove, sink, microwave, cabinets and a blender.
A view of a woman standing inside a kitchen.
A full view of a horse next to a bike. 
The magazine is on the back of the toilet in the bathroom.
The woman is taping a show inside in front of a audience.
A line of oranges, lemons and apples on a window sill.
A green towel hangs by a mirror in a bathroom. 
A bathroom with a toilet, cabinet, mirror, sink and shower.
A bathroom with a separate area with door for the toilet.
The woman is standing in the kitchen empty. 
Two bikers riding down the beach in the middle of the beach.
The bike has a cooler for delivers to people.
A cat sitting on a bench with a bicycle leaning against it.
A woman sitting on a bench next to a her blue bike.
A bicycle rack with a bicycle chained to it on a sidewalk.
A bathroom with a green towel on the sink.
A view of a very nice kitchen with a jug on the counter.
A view of a bunch of fruit sitting on a sink window sill. 
a topless man taking a selfie in a bathroom
A bathroom sink with the window shining sunlight through the window.
A surfer with surf board walking into the ocean.
A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.
A cat sitting on a wall next to a  toilet under a TV.
A pan with banana slices and caramel on top of a stove.
a woman is behind a counter and some people are watching 
A woman stirring the contents of a skillet with a wooden spoon.
A dirty kitchen has pots and pans strewn, and open cabinets.
A bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to a toilet and a sink.
A white sink sitting under a mirror in a bathroom.
two pictures a white kitchen and a silver and brown one
A kitchen with standard and small appliances and wooden cabinets.
A bathroom with a tub, toilet, shower, sink and a glass as the wall.
A metal sink sitting below a window next to a dishwasher.
A stove top sitting under a wooden cabinet.
a drawing of a big bathroom with a seperate room for the toilet 
A bathroom with bathtub, vanity, mirror and windows.
a white counter top in a home kitchen
A toilet in a bathroom that is being remodeled.
a woman in a brown top a silver oven sink and cabinets
A man wearing a suit and tie with greased back hair.
a large bath room for all different types of people . 
A person aims a camera at a bathroom mirror.
A small dinning table with all red napkins and a red table cloth . 
A bathroom with a sink, mirror, counter and toilet tissue holder.
A bathroom including a bathtub/shower, sink, and mirror
A robe hanging on a door in the middle of a bathroom.
some people are flying a kite in a field and clouds
A group of people flying a large kite
A lady carrying a backpack and riding a bicycle stopped at a traffic light while cars pass in the opposite direction. 
a woman in a kitchen making food and lights
A young man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.
a black brown and white cat and a bicycle
a couple of pictures of the inside of a house
A woman standing in the middle of a crowd of people.
a boat and a car are behind a red fence
A man sitting on a bench with his bag and a small dog. 
some people buildings and a parked motorcycle and a girl on a bicycle
Looking across traffic to a shabby apartment building and a magnificent church
A cat sitting down outside next to a bike.
some red and white tile a sink mirror and lights
The bathroom sink counter has an electronic toothbrush and a soap dispenser on it.
A bathroom that is filled with bathroom accessories and items. 
A waiter shaking up a cocktail behind a bar
A bathroom with a large bathtub and slate floors
Three men standing behind the counter at a restaurant.
Antique black and white photograph of a town's main street
The electric stove in a small but tidy kitchen
Clothes handing on a hook on the back of a bathroom door.
A small attractive rest room with a tub and toilet.
A women who is throwing a Frisbee in a field.
Two costumed horse riders make their horses stand on their hind legs.
A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE ARE RIDING THERE BIKES IN THE STREET
A women who is reading something while sitting on a bench.
A picture of a kitchen with a toaster oven.
LOOKS LIKE A CITY BUS ZOOMING BY A MAN ON THE SIDEWALK
a blond woman in a pink top water and a table
a woman is riding a bicycle with a pink basket outside
The double length bus drives near a bicyclist.
The car is parked beside a boat in a driveway.
A horse that is looking over a fence.
A white toilet in a bathroom under a picture of a cat.
a woman is working in a large kitchen
The large bathroom has a toilet and a blue tub in it.
A man cooking in the middle of kitchen
a small white sink in a home bathroom
The bicyclist is waiting at a street intersection. 
A bathroom has a wooden sliding door that hides the toilet.
A cat that is sitting on something red.
A full view of a kitchen with boards and lights. 
A building has tan wood floors and wooden walls.
Modern sinks in a bathroom with a large mirror.
A kitchen scene with focus on the stove top.
Many people in a field stand beneath a large flying kite.
A view of a bathroom with a very open setting.
People are being served at a banquet by women in a white uniform. 
A boy and girl are in the kitchen.
The bathroom is clean and ready for guests to use.
The young kids are playing with the laptop on the floor.
The boy smiles as he poses next to a wall with writing on it.
A Stop State Police sign on the hood of a car.
a gray and white cat  on a car seat
There are some people out for a dinner eat out. 
a silver pan with bananas on a black stove
The bathroom mirror has six suspended lights on the sides of it.
A young man sits on a bench with a dog. 
A woman is standing in a new looking kitchen.
You can see the bathroom through the window.
A full view of a kitchen with some counters.
A cat is perched on a closed toilet.
A living room has a fireplace and a large clock.
A biker waits to cross the road at an intersection.
The man sits on a bench reading with a cup of coffee.
The bicycle is near the pen with the horse.
A bathroom has a robe hanging on the door.
a black gray and white cat sitting on a toilet seat
a couple of kids are in front of a laptop
Two people sit far apart near a huge wall.
a white tub in a brown cabinet bathroom
In this bathroom the toilet is in a separate room from the tub and sinks.
a bunch of men are sitting around a table
A lone man walks on the platform near a metro train.
A very rustic kitchen in an open beam building.
A man sitting on a bench, unzipping a bag, with a chihuahua in a vest standing with front paws on the man's leg, by a parking lot and building with a woman walking and a person sitting in a chair under awning in the background.
A woman parked at red light on her bike.
This bathroom has a spa tub, a toilet, and a sink. 
A view of a blender and a toaster over from across the room.
Some picture of something with the lid opened. 
a black white and gray cat and a black trash can
a white sink and mirror in a home bathroom
A woman riding a bike in the street and other people walking around.
A white bathroom with beige counter and blue towel.
A half body shot of a guy on a skateboard.
A small bathroom with a really big window.
A sleek and modern bathroom set up in white and black.
An all white modern bathroom with double sinks.
A dog is dressed in a shirt and jeans.
A large kitchen with black appliances and a wooden floor.
A woman cooking food while another woman watches. 
A bathroom that seems rustic with two stained glass windows.
A skateboarder jumps on a rail while doing a trick.
Man riding a bicycle while on his cell phone.
A full view of a toilet and sink in a bath room. 
A bathroom with toilets, a sink, and other items. 
a woman is being pulled by a dog on a skateboard
A laptop computer and a computer screen on display.
A couple of women sitting at a table near a cake.
A group of people traveling on a bus.
People talk in an office with many pictures on the wall.
a plant and a white toilet in a bathroom
a man on a bike is riding down the street
several people sitting at the back of a bus
People sitting on motorcycles on the side of a road.
A bunch of kids playing around in the snow. 
a couple of people are sitting in a motorcycle
A white sink with a metal faucet above it.
A white sink sitting next to another white sink in a bathroom.
A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet, and other items. 
two stain glass windows in an old kitchen
a couple of young women are smiling together
A man riding a skateboard with two gray shoes.
A toilet and urinal in a public bathroom
A white bathroom sink under a light 
A bike with a green basket parked next to a grocery store.
A young person is having fun in the water. 
A toilet sitting under a window in a restroom.
A big view of a toilet with mirror and sink. 
A big bathroom with sink and mirror in back. 
A picture of a bathroom next to a window. 
A tabby cat perched in the open window of old, rusty car.
A group of people on a boat with a bicycle onboard 
A man in tennis shoes is on a skateboard.
A small bathroom with vanity, sink and mirrors.
A small bathroom with a toilet, vanity and bath tub.
A car is parked on the curb by the fire hydrant.
Man in a suit talks on his cell phone while riding a bike down the street
A small bathroom has a vanity, mirror, toilet and bathtub.
A small kitchen has many items on the counter.
A bunch of bikes are sitting in their spots.
A bicycle is parked next to the rail by the river.
A small kitchen with a dining table by the window.
Two women pose for a picture while in the kitchen.
Various fruits sit in front of the juicer on the counter.
A black and white picture of a child on a skateboard the street
A small cluttered kitchen with a window and sink.
A bathroom with glass doors to the shower.
A large kitchen with light wood cupboards and black appliances.
A small bathroom has a vanity, sink and towel in it.
A close up view of a mirror reflecting cars parked on a street.
a bathroom filled with a sink, toilet and hardwood floors
A beautiful white  bathroom with expose brick.
There is a too with a so k and mirtior
There is a person sitting in the dick
A picture of an clean bathroom in an upscale hotel
a peron is showing imges of there sneakers on the skate board
there are two people that are seated at the table talking 
there are people that are riding there bikes on the street
there is a man that is looking at something or someon with red eyes
This half of the bathroom has a shower and a toilet
THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE ON THE SKIE SON THE SNOW BANK
group of four people standing around conference table with laptop
IM NOT EXACTLY SURE WHAT THIS IS A PICTURE OF
Guy glides on skateboard up sidewalk as someone else rides a bike.
a kitchen having many small appliances and a clock on the wall
Cyclist passing accident scene with emergency personnel at intersection.
"His and Her" towels hand off bathroom wall across the sink
A bike is parked on a busy sidewalk.
A white bathroom sink sitting under two mirrors.
Bathroom with two small cabinets and artwork on wall.
A group of people are talking while standing and sitting.
A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A small bathroom with a toilet, bathtub and shower curtain.
A bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror.
A white toilet sitting next to a white sink.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A couple sitting on a motorcycle looking at the sky.
A long line of people riding bicycles down a road under a large bridge.
A man with a white mustache sitting in front of a shelf.
A white and beige bathroom has a wooden toilet seat.
A kitchen with a sink a dish rack on the wall and utensils hanging from a window. 
A black and white photo of people on a bus.
A narrow city street has open markets and chairs.
A guy with a big coat and woman looking at him.
Three people walking toward a small airplane on a tarmac.
A strange dark kitchen has an interesting curtain.
The kitchen area is clean and brand new.
A white toilet sitting next to a role of toilet paper.
A bathroom with a sink and blue painted walls.
A couple of women sitting next to each other in front of a table.
Various people are in the rain holding umbrellas.
A white and beige bathroom has overhead plumbing.
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
A man riding a bike down a street while recklessly talking on a cell phone.
A ski slope that has people at the top and one skier doing a jump trick in the middle of the slopes.
A bathroom showing the tub and toilet 
a bathroom vanity with blue towels hanging up
A bathroom showing sink, toilet and a mirror 
someone videotaping a person skiing across icy water
A dog sitting in a basket on a bike in front of a store. 
A walk in shower sitting next to a white toilet.
A kitchen with a black stove top oven and an automatic dishwasher.
A bathroom showing toilet, small shelf with towels, and a shower 
A couple of men riding motorcycles behind a herd of sheep.
A kitchen with a red stove top under a framed picture.
a small kitchen with a white microwave in the corner
A calico cat sniffing the window frame of a very old car. 
A person is riding a skateboard on the sidewalk.
a small clean bathroom with a blue towel and a white wash cloth
a long river with buildings surrounding it and a bike rack on side walk 
a man and a woman are standing outside
A toilet sitting below a window next to a sink.
A rusty old truck in weeds with a cat inside the window 
A cat standing in front of a small mirror.
A kitchen sink counter full of beer bottles.
Woman typing on open laptop while group of three talk in office doorway
A man driving a car with a parrot on top of a steering wheel.
A picture of a bathroom with white tile walls and a window with white blinds.
A bike near a gate near river with a boat carrying people in it. 
Empty kitchen with oven dishwasher and many cabinets
A black man riding a skate board on top of a metal rail.
a bathroom with mirrors a counter top and sink 
A small bathroom with a vanity and a art on the wall.
A large group of people standing next to bicycles in a building square.
An older man riding a bike in front of a red double decker bus.
Bathroom with stand in shower that has frosted windows
a juicer with a glass of juice three oranges and two grapefruits
a bathroom with a toilet table and shower on a tiled floor
A bathroom with stain glass on the windows 
three people on skateboards one girl is being pulled by a dog 
A man riding a bike on a city street while talking on his cell phone 
The sink of a bathroom next to an open door.
A small bathroom holds a circular mirror and light fixture.
a woman on a laptop and three people talking
An magazine photo of a restroom toilet and sink.
A kitchen with a decorated dining table and red oven.
There is a toilet sink and mirror I the bathroom
A close up of a mirror in a bathroom 
a girl is flying a kite in a field
There is a bike parked in the side if the rivet 
a bathroom with two windows a toilet and  sink
The cat is sitting inside a abandoned truck.
A man and a woman dressed in early times outfits.
Sheep are being herded through the street by two men on motor bikes and one man who is walking.
a bike that is next to a fence by some water
A kitchen with a dining room table and a sitting area 
The car is parked by the fire hydrant on the side of the road.
The people are boarding the small airplane on the runway.
The room is clean and ready for us to use.
A computer screen sits above a small laptop.
A small room with a desk and large mirror.
A group of people are riding their bikes in the city.
The passengers are sitting next to each other on the bus.
A kitchen has wood flooring and cabinets with a black refrigerator, stove and microwave.
A guy with one foot on a skateboard looking back.
A man riding on the side of a rail on a skateboard.
An empty kitchen has new cabinets and counters.
A bathroom mirror sitting above a white sink.
someone bending down picking something up off the floor .
An old bathroom with toilet and tall window.
Some snow skiers are on snow and ice.
A clean, sterile bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink
A woman taking a picture in a bathroom mirror.
A sink area with various beer bottles and a dog food bowl.
A red dolly and a man are in  a medium sized kitchen.
A group of people sitting inside of a train car.
A kitchen with a white counter top and a stove top oven.
A table with a juicer, glassware and various fruits.
A crowd of people on bicycles riding down a road under a bridge.
A man with a mustache sitting in a room with many file folders.
A small bathroom with a toilet, sink, and two windows.
A group of bikers sitting on their bikes next to the beach.
A kitchen with  standard appliances, wood cabinets and flooring.
A large country kitchen with a wood floor 
A bathroom that has a  toilet and tub.
A small kitchen display with sink and counters
A bottle of cooking oil from a foreign country 
A parrot in a car while a man drives the car.
A man wiping up a spill on a kitchen floor.
There Is no image here to provide a caption for.
A few men wrangling a herd of sheep down a street.
A small bathroom features a sink, vanity, windows and toilet.
The people are skiing and taking pictures by the water.
A man driving a car with a parrot perched beside him on a hoop.
The young man is practicing his skateboard tricks.
A woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.
a white kitchen with cabinets an oven and dishwasher
A woman watching another woman cook a dish in a wok on an electric hotplate.
A man flying through the air while riding a pair of skis.
A bathroom with a strange toilet whose tank is way in the air.
A couple is sitting on a motorcycle looking up at the sky, while another couple are messing with a kite.
Black and white photo of a person riding on a skate board.
A close shot of a bathroom shower, toilet, and hung towels. 
A black and white TV with a picture of a car showing on the screen.
A parrot ridding in a car next to a man.
The room is clean and ready for the people to use.
black and white photo of an older bathroom
A dog in shirt and jeans with a hat on by its owner.
A woman standing in front of a table cooking food in a pan.
The small bathroom has a window near the toilet.
A laptop sitting under a television with several cords coming from it. 
A group of people riding kite boards on top of the ocean.
A small street is filled with human activity.
The skier twists through the air while jumping a series of snow ramps.
A man standing inside of a kitchen wearing an apron.
The large wooden cabinet is near a framed photo.
A towel hangs on the bathroom wall near a toilet.
The inside of a hotel room with typical decor and a backpack leaning up against the wall.
A cutting board topped with two grape fruit and oranges next to a juicer and a cup of juice.
The wind is perfect for a day on the ocean.
Two people taking a picture of a woman water skiing in a lake with ice.
A man standing in a kitchen in front of a stove top white oven.
A man standing on top of a bike seat as he rides it down a street.
A small bathroom with a sink, toilet and shower.
A cat sniffing a door on an antique car.
A sink not in a fixture in a large bathroom.
A woman using a camera to take a selfie.
A computer monitor mounted to the wall and connected to a laptop.
A bathroom has a tub, and toilet, and a tiled floor.
Car parked up on the dirt by a rusty fire hydrant
Woman in a hat stands at the table while the food is being cooked
A cat sitting inside an old run down van looking out the window.
A bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet.
A bicyclist riding down the street with an umbrella attached to the bicycle.
A woman takes a picture of herself in a public bathroom mirror.
An orange and white cat sitting on top of a rusted car door.
A couple stand beside a shop in vintage clothing.
A bathroom with a mirror, light, towel, cup and toothbrush in it. 
A bathroom with toilet, sink vanity, mirror and shower.
A bathroom with a vanity sink, mirror, toilet, and bathtub.
A man standing in a room next to lots of surfboards.
Bathmat fills space on floor between toilet, sink and tub
A police car and a fire truck are at the scene of a possible fire.
A kitchen with wooden paneling and a coffee maker.
A bicyclist rides past an intersection street being blocked by police officers and fire fighters.
The two men and a woman are ready to board the small airplane.
A group of people in a boat with a bicycle.
A cat sitting in tub looking at his reflection in the hardware. 
A person and a child crawling on a floor.
A person holds their hands to his face wile sitting on a toilet.
a well decorated bathroom has a glass shower stall
Nowadays, sheep are herded by people and motorcycles.
a bathroom with a shower that has frosted glass doors
A bathroom with a sink, cabinets, toilet and a tub. 
A small compact car sitting on a curb next to a fire hydrant.
A toilet in  bathroom with the lid down 
A bathroom toilet with a shower stall and a window.
a kitchen with a stove a sink and a microwave
a person is standing on a skateboard outside
A black and white photo of a toilet with the toilet seat up
A modern looking bathroom with sinks, toilet, and bath tub.
A television mounted on a wall with cords behind it. 
Fire truck and police with car and bicycles at accident scene.
a person jumping a skate board in the air
a toilet with a sink built into the back of it
a black and white photo of a cat in a bath tub
a person riding a bike near a public transit bus
a room with a chair door mirror desk sitting on a carpeted area
A kitchen with a big window, oven and toaster
A bathroom with sink, toilet, and a urinal 
A girl rides her bike down a busy street.
A bathroom with a sink, a urinal and a commode.
Many people stand near a city building with bicycle.
A man drives while his bird hangs in the car.
A public bathroom with graffiti on the walls.  
A man biking while talking on the phone.
Several open drawers exposing flatware, cooking utensils and knives.
A man riding a bike down a street with a bus behind him.
a number of cars in the reflection of a mirror
A man with an apron in a kitchen with fridge and bottles of wine
An empty kitchen with white cabinets, appliances, and a ceiling fan.
A kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher.
A man riding skis across snow covered ground.
a beth room with a toilet and a bath tub
There are many people outside having some fun.
A modern bathroom with a glass shower stall.
A computer monitor hanging over a laptop on a counter.
People boarding a plane on the tarmac. 
The cat sits inside of an old rusted car.
Here is an image of an outside district.
A full view of many people gathering in a house.
A big pink towel can be seen in the mirror.
A picture of a small bathroom from the doorway.
a bath room with a toilet and a sink 
A bicyclist peddling down a busy city street.
The orange cat is sleeping on the bathroom rug.
A cat is sitting in the back of an old van.
a kitchen with a sink a refrigerator and cupboards
The light shines above the mirror of a sink.
The white toilet is installed in the wooden floor.
Some people are on a boat in the water with a bike.
The wide street view of a narrow market street 
Bathroom with a shower with clear glass in front. 
a bath room with a toilet a sink and a tub
The cyclist is riding ahead of the bus.
The silverware is organized in the kitchen drawers.
The bathroom is clean and ready to use.
An overnight cosmetic bag sits on the counter of the sink.
A black and white picture of a cat in a bathtub.
A kitchen with an oven, stove, dishwasher, sink and refrigerator.
A long narrow kitchen with open shelves and a bar in the other side.
A small room featuring a lone sink and lighted mirror.
Black man with a very colorful baseball cap and sunglasses.
Two well worn sneakers with new white laces are ready to ride the skateboard.
Passengers boarding a plane via a movable staircase.
A black car is parked on the grass.
A man on a skateboard looking back while on a sidewalk.
Man sitting on a toilet making funny a facial expression. 
A dog is sitting in the basket of a bicycle.
A picture of a ski lodge with information boards in the background.
An unoccupied well decorated, spotless bathroom with coordinating towels. 
A skateboarder props up his skateboard with is feet.
Many vendors gather around and promote their businesses. 
A long dining counter has a box of Kleenex on it.
A bicycle with an umbrella attached is a practical idea.
A person on the floor in front of a refrigerator
A person sail boards in a lake with hills in the background.
Dozens of bicycles secured in a covered double level bike rack.
A man is riding a bicycle down a busy city street.
a person riding a bike on a city street
A group of people sit in a boat with a bike.
A hutch with cupboards in a luxurious house. 
A towel hanging next to a toilet in a bathroom. 
This bathroom has many different finishes and should be remodeled.
A woman riding a bicycle down a street by traffic.
Bathroom with toilet, vanity with white top, and shower.
There is a kitchen with a window in it.
a kitchen with cupboards a sink and a window
A tv is perched on a shelf in a white room.
A picture of an outdoor area that seems great.
A curious cat is sniffing the remains of a car.
A bottle of olive oil on a counter with another bottle behind it. 
a bath room with a light a mirror and a towel
This is a broad view of a room in an area.
A bathroom with different colored tiles, mirrors and soap dispensers.
A group of bicyclists are riding down a path
A man sits in front of brightly colored bags 
A white toilet sitting under a window next to a bath tub.
A toilet with a control lever with a flushing system.
A fancy toilet with decorations on the tank lid
A room filled with different types of items all around.
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances in a vacant house.
mas in orange outfit para sailing in the water.
the man is placing a green container on someones head
the bathroom has a half brick wall and half white
People on motorcycles pulled over on the side of the road.
A lone biker travels the streets amongst cars and a UPS truck.
People climbing up stairs to board an airplane
Small, quaint and clean bathroom with soft toned colors
A room with a cabinet, drawers, a vase and a picture on the wall. 
A bathroom with a toilet with a wood finished seat, tiled floors, two rugs on the floor and a door. 
A white refrigerator freezer sitting in a  kitchen.
Man and women dressed up and standing outside of a building. 
A black and white photo of skiers on the slopes.
A tabby cat is curled up on a scatter rug.
A clean tiled bathroom with shower, toilet, sink.
Beautiful brown colors and wood in the backdrop of a cunning little boy.
A gorgeous display of forks, spoons, knives and other culinary items.
A very basic looking bathroom with no decorations.
A kitchen with black counter tops and appliances and wooden cabinets.
A large bathroom with a white toilet and large bathroom sink.
A woman rides a bike in front of a street. 
The sink in the bathroom is a large unusual bowl.
There are two women talking at a table.
A sink with dishes in it and lined by various bottles.
A bottle of oil with asian lettering on it.
Woman riding a biking next to a tall building. 
This is a broad view of a room in an area.
A store shows a model kitchen in a display area.
A bathroom has a toilet, shower, and counter in it. 
A cluttered kitchen with a clock the wall.
people are riding there bikes underneath an overpass
a man is wearing a while shirt and sitting in front of many different colors. 
A man riding a bike in the rain while holding an umbrella.
A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.
A kitchen display is set up with all of the furnishings. 
A pink van attracts new customers every day.
The kitchen is equipped with all the best appliances.
The next person dives off the boat to join those already in the water.
There are two women that are standing together
A toilet that has a pipe that is exposed. 
A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
the woman is riding past a building that has a white door
A coffee drink and pastry on a table in front of a sidewalk.
The bicycle has an umbrella attached to it.
The dog is pulling the girl on a skate board. 
Skier with skis crossed as they are jumping.
the bus number 463 is heading to del am 
the girls are standing in a room with the window behind them 
There are people that are jumping on the ski snow bank
A person standing in front of a display of surf boards.
There is a woman that is riding a bike 
A bedroom with tiny kitchenette with sink and refrigerator.
A man standing in a kitchen looking at the open drawer on the oven.
Bathroom mirror with brown towel hanging on rack.
A large kitchen area that is very elongated. 
A man and woman on the subway with a map
A white room with some counters on it. 
The kitchen has a microwave, sink and stove in it. 
A kitchen with lots of counter space and a microwave oven.
The old tv set is showing a car on it. 
a close up of a bottle of oil on a table
A group of people para sailing in the ocean.
A couple of people carrying tote bags walking towards a plane.
A woman rides a bike with an umbrella over her.
the man is standing in the kitchen wearing an apron
The cat is in the bath tub looking at its self. 
There is a woman that is riding on a bike
Four guys sitting on motorcycles on the side of the road.
A man who is looking at an oven.
A white toilet sitting under a window next to a sink.
Four men all sitting on motorized scooters outside.
A man in a kitchen standing in front of dirty dishes.
This bicycle rear view mirror shows all the parked cars on the street.
Four guys, each of them on motorcycles near the water.
A kitchen with black and white accents and clean counters
This is a wide perspective of a room in a region. 
a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet
A kitchen with an oven, stove and a table with chairs.
an empty kitchen with a stove and refrigerator
A bathroom counter with a glass bowl on top of it.
a bathroom vanity with the sink sitting on top and a mirror
There is a room with different things in the picture. 
a person sitting on a toilet in a white room
a couch a table with chairs and a microwave
A crowded kitchen with dishes hanging from the walls
Here is a spirit in the symbol alone. 
Looking at a fancy restroom toilet, and sink through the door.
two people standing near a food truck on a side walk
A bathroom sink, mirror, soap, and paper towels
A chef stands next to a counter with many ingredients
Open front door of an airliner with passengers entering via stairway.
a number of people riding motorcycles near one another 
The kitchen is next to the dining room and living room.
There is a full point of view of a room in a well lit zone. 
A rectangular toilet in a stall with the lid up.
A toilet with the seat up below a window.
THIS IS A PICTURE OF TWO URINALS IN A MENS BATHROOM
some tangerines and some grapefruit next to a juicer
Three people walking towards an aircraft in an airport
A square bathroom mirror hanging on the wall.
Some grapefruit in a bowl on a table.
A leather couch sitting next to a table with lots of chairs.
Here is a soul in the image alone. 
A glass sink in bathroom with a marble interior.
A spot with a couple of materials that is amenable. 
A black and white photo of a dog sitting in a basket on a bicycle.
A line of bikes are in a bike rack on a brick area.
Blue road bike with an umbrella secured to it.
Oranges are next to the hand juicer next to a knife and a bowl.
An old television set and a car is visible on the screen and a light is reflecting off of it.
Someones is get in the stillness of the picture. 
This is a thing that is direct and plain. 
a bath room with a bowl shaped sink 
A person in red shirts riding a bike that is pulling a cart for someone to ride in.
Bathroom with toilet, window and table in view.
A large white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
two people wearing suits near one another 
People walking on a street in wind and rain using jackets and umbrellas
A white bathroom with a beige shower curtain
A kitchen with yellow wood cabinets and black appliances. 
A city street filled with traffic next to buildings.
A bathroom with a white basin sink and a white cabinet and mirror. 
A man is performing tricks on a bicycle.
Man in rain coat and others on a rainy city street.
Bathroom with radiator, sink, lighting, shower curtain and decor items.
A kitchen with wood grain cabinets, hardwood floors and a stainless steal refrigerator.
 a bath room with a sink a mirror and a toilet
A woman takes a wine break on the kitchen counter.
A street scene with a person riding a bicycle.
a close up of a person riding skis on a body of water 
a white toilet and bath tub in a small bathroom
Even though many oranges have been juiced, there are more to do.
The bicyclist is doing a trick on his black bike.
A tiled back splash sits above a sink covered with soaps, toothbrushes, and other kinds of beauty products.
a man is standing with a bicycle outside
a tall bird is standing by an oven
A cat is taking a nap on the bathroom rug.
A black bathroom sink under a bathroom mirror.
A dog wearing clothes is standing on the sidewalk.
A car that is sitting in the street.
a person jumping a skate board in the air 
A couch that is in a living room with pillows on it.
A bunch of bikes that are parked in a bike rack.
A woman that is sitting on a counter top.
A bathroom mirror that has a flower underneath it.
Many bottle line a kitchen sink in a kitchen. 
This public restroom has round mirrors hanging on the colorful tiled walls.
A dog that is standing up wearing clothes.
A man that is standing on a skateboard.
A white refrigerator that is in a kitchen.
One woman at the window of a food truck while another woman looks at the menu.
A bathroom that has a light on above a mirror.
this is a picture of several bicycles on top of each other
Open drawers that have various types of utensils. 
A full point of view of a restroom with a sink and toilet 
People are there recognizing and having a huge amount of fun of their life. 
A kitchen with wood cabinets and flooring and black counter tops.
TWO YOUNG MEN WEARING SUITS ARE POSING FOR A PICTURE TOGETHER
A group of bikes pared on the side of a street.
A kitchen with wooden cupboards and cabinets and a white framed window.
A person taking a picture of a bathroom sink with a radio.
A young man riding a bike down a rural road.
A large white bird standing in front of a stove top oven.
A blue bowl filled with lots of oranges on top of a table.
an all white outdated kitchen white a white microwave 
A dog with a shirt and a pair of paints on standing in the street.
A large cabinet in a corner next a picture.
A toilet with a red seat in a small bathroom with red tiles.
A bathroom with sink and toilet around it.
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
A stove top oven sitting next to a metal kitchen sink.
This is a spot with a few things in the house.
a white woman in a white top talking on her cellphone 
An individual is in the open view in the image.
I bet he will finish this entire meal in no time at all.
A chef stands next to a variety of foods in bowls in his professional kitchen.
A beautiful kitchen and counters with lit lights. 
A man is diving into the water from a boat.
Here is a picture with a restroom scene. 
A person riding a bike with a yellow cart behind it.
Several bicycles are parked outside under an awning.
 couple of pastry on top of a bag near a cup of coffee.
a woman talking on a cell phone while under a tree
The shower curtain in this bathroom is hanging on the outside of the bathtub. 
a bathroom counter iwth some different bottles and a toothbrush on it 
A woman standing in the rain holding an umbrella.
A picture of several people walking on a sidewalk on a rainy day.
A picture of a white bathroom with a hanging overhead lamp, a radiator, and a striped shower curtain.
A man in a white apron is standing in a kitchen prep area.
A small bathroom consisting of a shower, sink, and toilet.
A kitchen with a white microwave oven sitting on top of a counter.
A bathroom that has a toilet and glass shower door.
a toilet and sink in a small bathroom
A little girl with a kite standing in the grass.
A metallic refrigerator freezer in a  kitchen.
A white toilet in a bathroom with window.
A bathroom that has a toilet and a blue rug.
A photo of a korean cooking product of oil.
A person is kite surfing in the water. 
a bathroom with some blue walls and some towels on the wall 
A kitchen that has wooden cabinets and a window.
An excellent kitchen and counters with lit lights.
A man that is wearing a hit and sunglasses.
A white sink that is underneath a mirror.
A sink bowl stands under a mirror and light fixture, with a towel hanging nearby.
A photo of household kitchen with a traditional look.
A mountain towering over colorful kites in a sky.
An excellent kitchen and counters with lit lights.
a sign is on a white toilet in a bathroom
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
A social occasion of people are uncovered before the open day.
Two people are in a food truck cooking with the doors open. 
a person with red hair is buying from a van
a very pink food truck sitting on the side of a road 
Some oranges have been squeezed with a hand juicer and there are a few whole oranges left.
A modern toilet bowl in a pubic bathroom stall.
A person sits at a table with a plate of food.
A plate that has food on it sitting on a table.
A couple of bikes are parked within a metal structure.
a woman sitting on the top of a counter in a kitchen 
A man is riding a bicycle in the rain.
Some fruits that are being juiced into a measuring cup.
A counter in a bathroom that has a pink figurine on it.
A man being pulled downhill on snow skis.
Kitchen cupboards above the sink that has the stove next to it.
A cup of coffee next to some bread.
a blue bike standing in front of a building in the rain 
Preparation of squeezed oranges using a manual squeezer.
a refrigerator and microwave and a white door leading to a pantry
A young African American male wears a colored hat and shades while making a cool face.
A white toilet and sink in a white bathroom
A girl flying a kite in the air on a field.
A group of two business men lean their heads together.
A television that is in the corner in a kitchen.
This food has a sauce drizzled over the top of it.
A well lit bathroom furnished with a full rack of white towels.
A wood paneled bathroom with a tile floor.
a bathroom sink a kitchen sink and stove and a shower with a toilet
A orange and white car laying in the middle of a bathroom rug.
A man leaning on another man both in suits and ties.
a little open kitchen next to a floral couch and a white dining table 
some wood cabinets in a ;large clean kitchen
A kitchen with many utensils hanging from the window.
A woman on a skateboard is being pulled by a dog.
That is an image with a bathroom scene.
a man hanging on to the cables to go para sailing 
 A bunch of bikes parked right by a street.
Two people serving lunch out of a food truck.
a small bathroom with dirty windows and a small sink 
The man in an apron stands near the sink counter.
A man is walking in the rain with hood on his head.
A bathroom with light on has tile floor.
A kitchen sink sitting under a window in a  kitchen.
A very colorful bathroom with round mirrors that look into eachother.
A man poses for a picture while he sits on the toilet
The toilet in this restroom stall is square. 
Many kites fly with a mountain in the background.
A portion of a bath tub and a white robe hanging up on a hook a white shower and shelves that have towels and toiletries.
a bathroom with a black counter and tile walls 
A kitchen with a nice countertop, cabinets and a great view.
A kitchen with a white refrigerator freezer and an oven.
A person sits on the bike portion of a bike carriage, waiting for customers. 
The kitchen has a black oven with a white refrigerator.
A light that is on above a mirror.
A bath tub with a wooden wall next to a white sink.
A toilet lid, toilet and cleaning brush and a handle to flush.
Several skateboarders by the beach with a dog tagging along.
A bathroom with sink, showe, shelf, and towels.
A group of people sitting at a dinner table with wine glasses.
A bicycle with a mirror showing the street near it.
A bowl of oranges sits on the table.
A girl looks up at a guy in a backwards hat.
A set of three mirrors mounted to a wall.
A very large building with a river passing next to it.
A man is helping someone carry a case on their head.
A person is skateboarding while others are oblivious.
a black mirror a sink and a small shelf
Many people at a ski mountain dressed to ski. 
A modest kitchen with wooden cabinets and a spice shelf
A brown kitchen with a light on in the middle of it.
Man biking on a trail stops to drink some water.
An ostrich checking out what's cooking on the stove.
A man sitting on a toilet with a dinner plate tucked to his chest.
A person diving from a boat into the water.
Many people outside in snow at bottom of snowy hills.
Some oranges in a blue bowl on a table.
Man diving from boat into water while others watch from a boat.
A woman stands under her umbrella in the rain.
A kitchen with wooden floors and a large oven.
Person doing a trick on a skateboard on side of building as others walk by.
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and natural wood cabinetry.
A group of people sitting around the table
a towel a toilet a counter a sink and a shower
A mirror and two toilets in a mans bathroom 
Modern wood themed kitchen and serving areas of a restaurant. 
motorcycles are parked along the street in a row
Black and white image of several parked bikes lined in front of street sign.
Many people are out and having some fun there.
A person on a bicycle doing a trick.
A mans legs in the air with a skateboard
A photograph of an individual being taken in this picture. 
A large, fancy bathroom with several sinks and stalls all in marble.
Someone is in the photo not sure who that person is.
A professional kitchen with metal counter tops with good lighting.
A woman sitting on top of a kitchen counter.
A rare picture of an individual within this image. 
Several individuals are hanging out and enjoying their time.
Oven with door open on island in middle of a kitchen.
That is a decent looking space with all products. 
A young girl flying a white kite on top of a green field.
A bunch of oranges sitting in a bowl 
A white sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
The complete perspective of a washroom with numerous things to see. 
A woman on a transport bike waiting for customers.
Bicycle wheels are lined up on bicycles in a row.  
some people one is on a white and red scooter
A view of a very nice bathroom sink with a bowl sink;
A man riding skis down  a snow covered slope.
A man stopped on a bike on a path, holding a drink.
A bird with long legs and neck in a kitchen, standing over a stove.
A kitchen,dining room and living room are seen.
A bathroom counter with a sink, soap, and towel.
A woman wearing glasses sitting at a table
A pretty young lady holding a smart phone in her left hand.
Dog sitting in the back basket of a bike outside the shop
A person sitting at a table writing on a piece of paper.
An oven with the door open beside a microwave in a kitchen
A kitchen with a bunch of stainless steel cookware in it 
A person on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
A tub and shower with a curtain in a bathroom.
A blue and cream tiled bathroom with a stand up shower
A person is about to eat some chicken with some sauce on it.
This bath tub has a shower hose. 
Several people are watching a guy dive off a boat.
A car that has a cat sitting on top of it.
A white minivan is parked on the side of a snowy road. 
A woman standing in a room holding a cup
Dozens of kits fly in into the wind next to a mountain. 
The kitchen is equipped with a modern oven.
A man who is standing by several surfboards. 
A refrigerator with a bunch of notes on the fridge.
A man is on a bicycle and is holding a bottle. 
A pelican is in the kitchen and is looking at something cooking on the stove. 
A simply decorated bathroom with a note on the toilet. 
a person on a yellow and black bike riding in the woods
some bicycles in a rack and some buildings 
A plane with passengers entering via a set of stairs
A sink in a bathroom with bathroom accessories. 
a couple of cars parked in front of houses
A simple kitchen with a microwave, stove, and wood cabinets
A well maintained kitchen with a refrigerator and a microwave.
a smal home with a little kitchen and a dining room 
Two people cycling on a road as others walk by 
a commercial kitchen with all steel appliances inside
Some guys are stand in by some mopeds and talking.
Three photos of two bathrooms and a kitchen.
A bus sits idle at a public bus stop
A kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories.
A dog sits in the basket of a bicycle propped up in front of a store window.
Arms and hands holding onto the bars of a bicycle.
A clean kitchen filled with kitchen furniture and accessories. 
A cat in the rear window of a vehicle.
An elderly woman writes on a sticky note in front of caged animals. 
Starbucks coffee and food are on a table with a view of the street outside.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and white towels hanging on the towel racks.
The kitchen is empty except for a few items on the counter and shelf. 
A kitchen with all white appliances and cabinets and a dining table.
A crosswalk photo focusing on the wheels of bikes
A large white building is on a street corner.
A three story white building with cars parked on the street in front of it.
A unmaintained bathroom with graffiti on the toilet and toilet paper dispenser.
A few people are hanging out and appreciating their time. 
A dark green painted kitchen with white cabinets
A kitchen with a white refrigerator and a large window.
A car stopped at a red light with other cars passing through an intersection.
A surf board shop with an assortment of different boards. 
A kitchen has white cabinets and a black countertop.
A group of bicyclists going together on the street. 
The corner counter space of a kitchen with white walls. 
There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.
A person wearing a gray striped sweater holds a cat.
Two people taking a photo of a restroom.
A group of motorcycles parked in front of a one way sign. 
A little girl in a field flying a kite in the sky.
A ski slope is covered with hundreds of people skiing.
Here is an outdoor view of the area.
A kitchen cabinet with a built in sink and microwave inside it.
A white door with a microwave on a counter nearby.
A bathroom scene with focus on the sink and mirror.
a toilet with a sign on it and a vanity
A man and woman preparing food on a food truck.
A young man riding a skateboard without a shirt on.
The body of water flows past the lavish building.
A person in skates on footpath in the garden.
A group of men standing around a motorcycle.
a camera mounted on  a helmet of a bicycle rider
A woman holding a cat next to her face.
a woman in a white sweater near a bird
some vases are siting on a red window ledge
A MAN GETTING PULLED FROM A BOAT IN THE WATER 
a group of bikes parked by a post next to people on a bench
Red Light at a street intersection with people present on the corner
A bunch of bicyclists are gathered on a street. 
a mirror a sink some pictures and a towel
a black and white checkered wall in a kitchen
A woman in a room holding a cup and a door behind her
a woman preparing food in a kitchen with chefs
a kitchen with a microwave, stove and countertop with spoons and containers
A small bathroom has a sink and tall mirror.
Two men in the bathroom whose photos are being taken.
A MAN DOING A BICYCLE TRICK AMONG OTHER BICYCLISTS
A sink, oven, clocks, toasters, microwave and blender
A kitchen has brown cabinets, beige countertops, and a white oven and microwave.
Cars are parked on a street outside a house.
A bathroom that is very tidy and has a sophisticated shower. 
A GROUP OF PEOPLE PULLING A MAN OUT OF WATER
The view into a small bathroom with a toilet and shower. 
A small bathroom with a sink and a washer.
A small bathroom with a sign on the toilet seat 
A kitchen with ovens, tables, benches and fridges
A kitchen with stainless steel appliances and wood cabinetry.
A clerk is stocking bananas in a grocery store. 
A view of a kitchen in the middle of it is a plate and a knife.
A man at a bus stop with a bus with bike in front 
A woman stirs a pot of food while standing in a kitchen.
People are riding bikes on a street. 
An oven with its door open is next to a microwave. 
A photo of a bathroom in someones house.
a bathroom with a shower and toilet inside of it 
a open cabinet with a microwave an appliances inside it 
a cat stares out of the back of a car window 
An oven, sink, microwave and compartments in the kitchen
a fridge with some stickers on the door
a cat laying back in a car and staring out the window
a group of people on bikes ride down a city street 
a toilet sitting underneath a big window 
People are walking down the sidewalk in a storm,
A photograph of a bathroom inside a home.
a bunch of kites fly through the smokey air 
A photograph of a kitchen inside a house.
a couple of people are on a small boat
Kitchen scene featuring stainless steel appliances and tile countertop
A white kitchen with an oven and sink
a man is riding a bike with an umbrella
a restaurant kitchen with a lot of silver tables in it 
a bunch of people are standing in the snow
a glass wall to a shower in a bathroom
a man is touching some food in a market
A group of parasailers move through choppy waters. 
A washroom with a sink and a mirror,A vase is kept on the sink.
The bathroom basin is much lower than the shelf.
This kitchen has marble counter tops, a hardwood floor, and wooden cabinets. 
A kitchen has a stove, a sink and a microwave.
A dining and kitchen area, apparently from an older home.
a man is sitting on the back of a red and black bike
A man rests his head on another man's shoulder for a photo.
some cubbies with towels in a blue bathroom
a bathroom with fancy sink in the corner
some people riding some bikes down the road 
a man sitting on a little red motorcycle
some kites flying high in the sky above the beach
a bathroom with a lot of towels and big mirror in it
a big crowd of people walking in the snow on their skis
a brown bathroom a sink a mirror and bottles
a mirror a light a toilet some towels and a sink
A person flying a kite high in the sky.
A long,clean and spacious kitchen with microwave and other gazette.
Black and white close up of cat's face and woman's face.
a couple of urinals that are on a wall
A group of para sailors out in the ocean. 
The shower is compact with a modern, highly functional design.
a shirtless male skateboarder some grass and plants
a red and white bus a bicycle and some people
A woman is carrying a container on her head and a man is reaching for it.
A dash-cam view of a town street intersection at dusk. 
This is a picture of a remodeled  kitchen.
A boy wearing a helmet and backpack walking a bicycle on a city street.
A kitchen has a stove,microwave, and wooden cabinets.
This is an unused bathroom with a sink, toilet, and bathtub.
A clean full bathroom with double sinks and standing shower.
Man sitting on a ski bike with another man looking on.
A public restroom with three sinks and several stalls.
This kitchen has a black and white checkered tile backsplash and blonde wood cabinetry.
A bathroom with a sink and black vanity beside a white toilet.
A person riding a paddle board down a river by a building.
The bathroom sink, shower and the kitchen are all featured here.
A man riding a bicycle, holding a cup and an umbrella in the rain.
A kitchen with a stove, oven and counter in it.
A big cat resting on a pillow on a womans lap.
A bathroom with a mirror, sink and window.
A kitchen with a refrigerator, sink and shelving with various items.
A bathroom that has a double sink, walk in shower and tiled walls and flooring.
A person grabs a container from a woman carrying it
A woman commuting on her bicycle during rush hour.
A kitchen counter with four burners that are in front of a tray with an illustrated cat design.
the woman is shown with a heron behind her
the small kitchen is defined by colorful blinds
the bathroom has an antique mirror and bright lights
A bathroom with a sink, tub, shower head and mirror.
A kitchen with a sink, counter, cabinets and a dish rack. 
The shower stall has a bench to sit on
A bathroom with a shower curtain, shelves, a toilet and a tissue holder. 
A cat laying upside down in the back of a car. 
A kitchen with white painted cabinets and black counter tops
A woman playing with a cat while lying on the floor
The view of a bike trail taken from the rider's perspective.
A picture of a large kitchen with wooden cupboards.
A shelf is full of kitchen items such as a microwave and coffee pot.
A person standing on a ski on a river near a building.
A man is riding his bike in the rain with an umbrella.
A hotel bathroom is well maintained and looks clean.
a person standing in a field wearing a back pack next to some bikes
A shower, bathroom sink and kitchen sink inside of a residence.
A man is standing by a display of surfboards.
A shower is made of wood and will not warp.
A woman cook is stirring a pot of food.
People are standing at a city cross walk.
A man is sitting on a Honda motorcycle.
A man in a blue riding outfit has a bicycle.
a man standing on the beach flying a kite
A woman in a brown sweatshirt has a cell phone.
A man sitting on a scooter is talking to another man.
People are riding bicycles and walking across an intersection.
People are taking cell phone photos in a bathroom. 
A taxi is pulled over on the side of the road with a cat on the window.
A cat tray next to a cook top in an empty kitchen.
A home kitchen with mismatched white dirty cabinets
A man is in a kitchen wearing an apron.
A man riding through city traffic on a motorcycle.
A bathroom sink and vanity with toiletries on it.
A bus is parked at a bus stop for people to board
A middle aged man is posing with a small Honda motorcycle.
An empty bathroom with a toilet seen through a mirror
A restroom with a bathtub, toilet and open window
Two men in a showroom for snow skis.
In the bathroom, there is a toilet with a note on it.
A girl plays with a cat on the ground
We are more than prepared to do so but certain framework conditions have to be complied with.
This will be a particularly decisive question when elections are held in autumn.
How representative will these elections be?
I am delighted that elections are being held, but how representative will they be if not everyone in the country can take part or those who do later flee?
But Macedonia has a democracy, democratic potential, and the European Union in particular will help the Albanian minority, which is a large minority in Macedonia, to develop.
But we expect the Albanian majority in Kosovo, with all due respect for the justified claims of their brothers and sisters in Macedonia, to distance themselves from terrorism.
Thirdly: I think that, as far as economic questions are concerned, it is important for Kosovo to develop its own economic resources over the course of time.
I refer in particular to the question of the mines in Trebca.
A problem arises in this context and I am delighted that Commissioner Solbes Mira is here and I can specifically ask him.
The problem which arises concerns the changeover to the euro.
What will happen to the de facto currency in Kosovo and in other areas of the Balkans, but especially in Kosovo?
I refer to the Deutschmark.
Will the Commission address this and, if so, when, so that some form of solution can be found to this question, which is fundamental to the development of Kosovo?
Mr President, Mr rok is right to say that we are that much wiser now as regards the docking of pigs' tails.
But we still have not worked out how to cut the Gordian knot around Kosovo, despite numerous attempts.
Ladies and gentlemen, if a neutral observer were to come to every sitting of the European Parliament, he would conclude that we are a monotonous lot.
FYROM, Kosovo, former Yugoslavia.
Our obsession with this subject basically illustrates that we are at an impasse.
We must find a way out of this impasse.
Meeting after meeting, prime ministers, ministers, representatives, visits, but still no results.
Today we are being asked to approve more financial assistance for Kosovo and we must approve it so that we can help the people working there to resolve the problems.
But, you see, every irregularity in the area as a whole emanates from Kosovo.
In other words, maybe we are providing a safe haven there, from which various terrorist groups are able to organise terrorist attacks on the area with impunity?
We have witnessed the end of the Milosevic era and that is a good thing.
But immediately afterwards we witnessed a development in southern Serbia, a half-hearted attempt at destabilisation in Montenegro, which proper intervention halted.
And then, you see, there was the threat in southern Serbia that the Yugoslav army would return to the border.
Perhaps we should now allow the Yugoslav army to proceed to the border with Kosovo, as provided for by the UN, perhaps this threat can be partly defused?
It is most strange.
If one soldier were to sit next to another at five-metre intervals, they would form an unbroken barrier at the border.
So in this sense, it is good that the political efforts being made on all sides are accompanied by grim determination.
Because, you see, any continuation of this instability in the area will lead nowhere.
If some people think that new nation states are going to emerge from this tragedy, they are wrong.
In other words, if anyone ever dreams about ethnically clean areas, they will look like DNA diagrams.
And that is what we must secure.
We are talking about macroeconomic aid to Kosovo, which is a different type of measure.
We are talking simply about budget aid for the United Nations administration in the area.
As a result, some of the problems that you have put forward in your proposals, as we will see later, should, in our opinion, be interpreted differently.
We are not talking about our aid, but about elements associated with the introduction of a market economy.
We are talking about an exceptional type of aid, which is not dedicated to specific projects and is not linked to any other type of commitment.
In this respect it is radically different from the CART aid, which is why it needs a different legal basis, as we explain in our proposal.
It is true that there is some investment expenditure associated with public companies, but we are mainly talking about current expenditure.
We agree with this idea and our medium-term objective is for the Kosovo budget to be able to fund itself.
Last year, the funding was 50-50.
Our aim is that progress should continue to be made and we hope that in 2001, 75% of the total budget will be covered by own funds.
Another of your concerns was to know what is happening with the other donors.
There is a reasonable amount of burden-sharing between the donors.
Of course we are not considering an additional budgetary allocation.
There are resources to carry out this funding with the proportion of the macroeconomic aid included in budgetary heading B7-548 related to the Balkans.
With regard to the amendments that have been put forward, I would like to make a few comments that could help the debate.
First of all, we can quite readily accept some of the amendments.
I am referring to Amendments Nos 1, 3, 6 and 9.
This is clearly covered in Recital 9, which says that "the provision of external budgetary support, fairly shared among donors, is essential to help cover the residual financing needs ".
Nor do we consider Amendment No 10 to be necessary, because it states that the aid must clearly focus on the budget.
The aid is purely budgetary, and it is not therefore necessary to highlight a point that we feel should be taken for granted.
However, we are not talking about CART, but about something completely different.
This is not one of my colleague Chris Patten' s responsibilities. I myself have direct sole and exclusive responsibility for the budget within the area of macroeconomic aid.
Therefore, we think that these amendments should not be included, because they would cause some confusion.
There is a series of amendments regarding deadlines, procedures and monitoring, in particular Amendments Nos 7, 11 and 14.
I would like to comment on each of them.
A problem about which Mr Brok is particularly concerned is that of information.
Obviously we are prepared to provide all the necessary information.
The problem arises if this information has to be drawn up in the context of other aid, in accordance with the progress of the reform.
Amendment No 11 considers the possibility of creating a group within the Council, of a political nature, to undertake consultations on the implementation of this aid.
We are talking here about assistance, as I was saying, for UNMIK' s budget, with very specific objectives.
I would like to make a comment on two other amendments that I think are of interest: Amendment No 12 asks for two things.
Firstly, for the aid to be implemented within a maximum of six weeks.
We can undertake to implement it as soon as possible.
For this reason we do not think that this request is correct.
Lastly, the Commission could accept Amendment No 14 if it were worded differently.
The Commission accepts the spirit of the request, but we think that its wording needs to be improved in order to prevent practical problems.
A final comment on Mr Swoboda' s question on the use of the euro in the Kosovo area.
I would remind you that, as you know, this was a unilateral decision taken by the Kosovo authorities.
Thank you, Commissioner Solbes Mira.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
(The sitting was closed at 11.30 p.m.)
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
The Minutes of yesterday' s sitting have been distributed.
Are there any comments?
(The Minutes were approved)
Mr President, I would like to return to a matter which I am recorded as having raised in yesterday's minutes.
Question Time to the Commission yesterday was truncated to a single hour, during which only five questions were answered.
It will be disastrous for the Union if we carry on this practice of truncating Question Time and having very few questions dealt with properly.
I am glad to see Mr Provan here today, because this kind of question falls within his remit as a Member of Parliament's Bureau.
I put it to Members that it is vital that we question the Commission effectively.
We are not doing this at the moment.
We are taking note of your comment and it will be duly considered.
Mr Andrews has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I refer to an administrative change that has been made in Parliament, which comes to me as news.
Apparently, a contract has been signed by a new travel agency to replace Wagonlit.
Since I came to this House in 1984, Wagonlit has provided an excellent service.
Now we have a new travel agency coming in to takeover, maybe to save the Community a few pounds.
Travel for Members of this House is difficult enough without bringing in new agencies, without consulting Members.
Some of the best travel agents who have served the Members of this House are going to leave.
There should be more consultation when administrative changes of this kind are made.
I think it is not a Parliament decision but a Commission decision.
It is yet another undermining of the services to which Members are entitled.
I hope the President will inform us of the reasons for the allocation of these contracts and the savings made.
I have absolutely no interest other than the convenience of Members.
(The President cut the speaker off)
We are taking note of your concern and the Bureau of Parliament will consider the matter.
Mr Fitzsimons has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I wish to speak briefly on another point of order in relation to the Minutes.
Much of the debate here yesterday focused on the Irish people's decision in relation to the Nice Treaty.
I merely wish to say on this point of order that the Irish people took a democratic decision that we all accept.
The Irish people believe in the European Union and in enlargement, and will deal with these issues in its own time and in its own way.
I can assure the Members of this House that in doing so, the French National Front was abusing the Irish flag and everything it stands for.
Mr President, on a point of order.
Like Mr Andrews, I, too, feel a great deal of concern at the way this matter of the travel office has been handled.
I am not sure that the administration has actually raised it with the College of Quaestors, which would be the correct body to refer the matter to.
It is really for them to look after Members' interests.
I think he has the matter well in hand.
Mr President, I would like to raise two different points.
This must be reiterated, otherwise we really do face the prospect of having sessions that are utterly disorganised.
Thank you, Mr Bourlanges.
The correction that you have pointed out to us will be made.
Mrs Klamt has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, I wish to raise a point about yet another problem with the travel office in Strasbourg.
The administration of the European Parliament stipulates in the contract that only vehicles without taxi signs may be used. This appears to contravene French legislation.
The French Ministry of the Interior stated in a letter back in 1998 that special rules apply in Strasbourg.
I should therefore like to urge you, Mr President, to make representations to the French Ministry of the Interior on the need for a permanent, practicable regulation for the drivers.
If, in addition to poor flight connections to and from Strasbourg, further restrictions are imposed on Members via the travel office, Strasbourg will become an even less attractive location.
Thank you, Mrs Klamt.
We will deal with the matter.
Mr Corbett has the floor for a point of order.
Mr President, what Mr Bourlanges said just now about the lack of time in Strasbourg is somewhat exaggerated.
If you look at yesterday's minutes, you will see that under Item 5 it says that 'the sitting was suspended at 11.30 awaiting voting time and resumed at 12.00'.
So we had half an hour to spare.
That time could have been used more profitably in this plenary session.
Hence it is totally incorrect to state that the problem with Question Time to the Commission stemmed from our not having sufficient time because we no longer sit on Fridays.
Thank you very much, Mr Corbett.
Structural measures
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
A5-0195/2001 by Mr Martnez Martnez, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposals for Council regulations amending, as regards the structural measures:
I. Regulation (EEC) No 3763/91 introducing specific measures in respect of certain agricultural products for the benefit of the French Overseas Departments
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0748/2000 - 2000/0307(CNS)]
II. Regulation (EEC) No 1600/92 concerning specific measures for the Azores and Madeira relating to certain agricultural products
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0749/2000 - 2000/0308(CNS)]
III. Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 concerning specific measures for the Canary Islands with regard to certain agricultural products
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0750/2000 - 2000/0309(CNS)]
A5-0197/2001 by Mr Martnez Martnez, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposals for Council regulations:
I. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the French Overseas Departments
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0744/2000 - 2000/0313(CNS)]
II. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the Azores and Madeira
[COM(2000) 791 and COM(2001) 156 - C5-0745/2000 - 2000/0314(CNS)]
III. introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the Canary Islands
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0746/2000 - 2000/0316(CNS)]
IV. amending Regulation (EC) No 1254/1999 establishing the common organisation of the market in beef and veal
[COM(2000) 791 - C5-0747/2000 - 2000/0317(CNS)]
Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
[COM(2000) 774 - C5-0751/2000 - 2000/0310(CNS)]
[COM(2001) 62 - C5-0077/2001 - 2001/0035(CNS)]
Distance, internal dispersion and climate have been significant obstacles to their development.
Distance and transport costs for imports and exports, and the small size of these territories have prevented them from attracting and benefiting from significant investment.
The aim was to promote sustainable development and strengthen job-creating production sectors.
This was done using the Structural Funds and by favourably adjusting common policies, particularly the CAP.
Special aid was thus established for particular local products and the supply of raw materials was improved through specific supply arrangements included in the respective POSEIs.
The reform plan that was presented to us was moving in the right direction, but it fell short in its proposals.
With these amendments we are expressing our will to overcome once and for all the problems of our outermost regions.
Besides, the costs of the improvements that we are proposing are certainly insignificant in the context of the budgetary proportions that the Union deals with.
Mr President, my report also relates to the implementation in the fisheries sector of Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam, which concerns the EU' s ultra peripheral regions.
Since the Treaty was signed, it has enabled the policies affected to be legitimately adjusted whilst safeguarding the coherence of the Community legal system.
In the fisheries sector, three Member States are affected;
Spain, Portugal and France.
Seven regions are also affected and these are the Azores, Madeira, the Canary Islands, Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique and Runion.
Many special measures are therefore permitted, namely, the Structural Funds, for both fishing and regional policy.
This adjustment has, of course, been approved in the report that I am presenting. Some amendments have also been tabled, which I would like to take you through briefly.
I tabled one in particular, which was adopted by the Committee on Fisheries.
My amendment and the amendment tabled by the Committee on Fisheries are therefore based on this 'exception' .
We should, therefore, and this is what is being proposed to you, adjust the rates in Group 2.
This would have a positive impact on the development of inshore fishing and the improved processing of catches and would also meet the expectations of those working in the sector.
In my view, this amendment to the report is essential.
There is a second amendment, Amendment No 6 by Mrs McKenna, which does not present any problems.
Lastly, there are Amendments Nos 7 and 8, which raise the issue of non-retroactivity.
This issue was raised at the meeting of the Committee on Fisheries.
The Commission was, moreover, not very specific, and was even hesitant, not to mention the fact that it did not provide an answer in its reply.
The amendment is still on the agenda, since it was re-tabled.
The opinions of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development are positive.
Given that the two other committees delivered a favourable opinion, however, and that the European Commission was not very specific, I propose to deliver a favourable opinion.
If this turns out to be absolutely impossible from a legal perspective, the law will settle the affair.
If it is possible, we must do so, and if we do, we will have voted in favour of a very good cause.
Mr President, as I think that you all already know, the negotiations to renew the fisheries agreement with Morocco came to an end without that renewal having taken place.
This period and the extension period ended on 31 December, while we were still in the middle of negotiations with Morocco.
It was therefore a totally reasonable proposal.
It is obvious that these decisions cannot be taken before 30 June, when the formulae that will ultimately be offered to them are still not known now.
Precisely for this reason, they should be the last public investments that should disappear or stop being well provided for financially.
They recognise positive aspects, such as regional diversity and the individual socio-economic and geographical characteristics of the outermost regions.
And most importantly, at European integration, so that from now on we will be able to talk about the remote dimension of the European Union.
Mr President, Commissioner, I support the reports by Miguel Angel Martnez Martnez and I consider it essential that the Council should accept the proposals made in them.
I shall remind you of some aspects of the opinion approved in the Committee on Budgets:
1 - The revision of the POSEI programmes must comply with the Community' s pledges to increase support to the outermost regions;
3 - The current revision must not threaten the livelihood of farmers operating under existing regulations.
Community support must be strengthened and not reduced;
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although the outermost regions were fully acknowledged in Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam, we are still awaiting the first far-reaching measures.
I would also like to congratulate the rapporteurs and particularly Mr Martnez Martnez and Mr Poignant on their excellent work.
Overall, the Commission' s proposals can be considered as a step in the right direction and they are a satisfactory response to local needs.
First of all, on the structural measures, we can only welcome the alignment of intervention levels to 85% for all outermost regions.
In practice, this means that we are giving the same opportunities to people who have to deal with basically identical constraints.
I have a few comments, however, to make with regard to some of the points.
Lastly, I would like to end with a wish.
Mr President, I wish to speak on the Poignant report.
In committee we tabled an amendment on the increasing problem of fishing vessels flying flags of convenience, which was very narrowly defeated.
More and more unscrupulous shipowners are transferring their vessels to countries such as Belize, Honduras or St Vincent and the Grenadines.
They know perfectly well that these countries will turn a blind eye to whatever these ships do: how they fish and what they catch.
Commissioner Fischler has quite rightly referred to this problem as the 'scourge of the oceans'.
We introduced an amendment to try and close this huge loophole, using criteria adopted by international fisheries management organisations.
I am glad to hear that the rapporteur supports our amendment, because it is scandalous that this loophole still exists.
I urge everyone here today to support this amendment.
Hence the importance of the work done by the rapporteur, Mr Martnez Martnez, whom I congratulate on the report he has drawn up.
In general, the report responds to the questions that the Commission has not addressed sufficiently but which are important for those regions.
I therefore hope that the Commission and the Council will accept the proposals contained in the reports being debated jointly, also including the area of fisheries.
Mr President, the peripheral regions of the European Union are in a vulnerable situation.
After the collapse of negotiations with Morocco, which behaved in an incomprehensible way, it looks as if a portion of the fishing fleet will have to be rationalised.
Rapporteur Poignant opposes the notion that peripheral regions should also give up fleet capacity.
Although I can fully understand his concern for the working population, such concern is short-sighted.
In the future we cannot continue supplementing poor catches with contributions from the Structural Fund.
One way or another fleet capacity must be reduced.
As regards that reduction of the fleet I should like suggest an idea to Mr Poignant : that is, days at sea.
The Dutch fleet has a capacity that is nominally too large for the allotted fishing area.
However, by restricting the number of days that ships may be at sea, the impact of total fleet capacity on fish stocks is reduced.
In this way the capacity of the fleet at sea on a particular day is within the norms laid down.
Such a scheme makes it possible to modernise and improve the safety level of the fleet.
If we are unwilling to limit the catching capacity of the fleet, nature will do it for us.
In the peripheral regions too, we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly.
Although it makes some good proposals, such as the increase in government funding for investment in agricultural holdings, this report comes up against some sizeable obstacles.
Only at this price and under these conditions are we able to protect our traditional tropical products.
Increasing the existing ceilings for the contribution of some Community funding is, therefore, a positive step.
On the other hand, some of the restrictions introduced by the Commission must be removed.
It is, therefore, imperative that the increase of the FIFG level be applied to shipbuilding activities, which are essential.
The effect of these provisions is extremely disadvantageous, particularly for the communities of the overseas territories on account of their recurrent budgetary difficulties.
Although the rule of co-financing can be retained, it certainly must be modified.
Some types of funding can be threatened overnight, as in the case of the banana crisis with the United States.
With the regional integration of the Caribbean islands into the Americas' free trade area looming in 2005, the overseas territories will have to contend with unfair competition from their neighbours.
Mr Lamy' s 'Everything but Arms' initiative will destabilise rice, sugar and banana production.
Since this provision is non-reciprocal, it will lead to unfairness.
The overseas territories will therefore have to import goods duty-free from the neighbouring LDCs, whereas the reverse will not be possible.
The LDC countries in the Caribbean will be able to ban European exports from the overseas territories using the negative list system.
I only hope that both the Commission and the Council will take note of the unanimous position of the European Parliament.
Mr President, the European fisheries sector is, ladies and gentlemen, going through an upheaval.
The Spanish government justified its plan and quantified it at EUR 540 million, 240 from the FIFG and 300 of additional funding.
Can the Commissioner explain to me why this is not being done?
The sector affected, which is a large sector, has more questions than answers about its future.
Nevertheless, I am sorry that the increase in these rates only target closed investment categories.
This is a fundamental issue for fishing in Runion.
I would ask you to support these proposals and the two amendments that I have re-tabled.
Mr President, the POSEI programmes were proposed more than 10 years ago as aid instruments for what we now know as the outermost regions.
With the inclusion of the new Article 299.2 of the Treaty, the outermost regions now have a sound legal basis that has enabled the Commission to propose these new POSEIs.
I must say that practically all of the additional spending is compensated for by the savings as a result of the reform of Agenda 2000.
Mr President, as Commissioner Fischler is going to have to speak immediately, perhaps I could ask him to pay attention to me so that he can prepare his speech.
I would like to congratulate you and thank you for the Commission' s interest in the outermost regions and express the general satisfaction of the Members of this House.
I would also like to thank Mr Martnez Martnez and congratulate him on his work.
Above all, however, I want to point out three or four amendments to Mr Fischler that are of particular importance.
I think that the Spanish authorities were mistaken in not requesting this aid at the time and now they must do so.
In short, I think that we have a good proposal from the Commission and some good reports by Mr Martnez Martnez.
I hope that the Commission will be able to take into account at least some of the main amendments, which I have just pointed out.
I should like, if I may, to quote a few statistics on the disadvantages of these regions.
The unemployment rates in five of these regions are among the highest in the European Union at between 21 and 37% of the working population.
The first proposal relates to contributions by the Structural Funds.
The maximum contribution by the Funds in outermost regions - and this is new - has been set at 85% of overall eligible expenditure.
The maximum contribution of the Funds towards investments in small and medium-sized enterprises has been increased from 35 to 50%.
The second proposal concerns the regulation on developing the countryside under the second pillar of the common agricultural policy.
In addition, aid will also be granted for woods and areas belonging to the local, regional and national public sector in the future.
The proposal also makes provision to increase certain financial contributions under the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance.
All the additional expenditure incurred here can be financed from the budget approved for the 2000-2006 planning period.
I am delighted that Parliament supports the Commission proposals in principle and that we enjoyed such constructive discussion in the various committees.
I can agree with many of the proposed amendments, provided that we find the right wording.
I also agree that these measures should enter into force with retroactive effect from 1 January 2000.
However, the Commission stands its ground on the legal basis.
Article 299(2) should only be used for derogations from the Treaties or general legal principles.
The Commission's proposals have been drafted in the light of both these evaluations and this criticism.
So what are the most important considerations?
First, the present framework for specific supply regimes and specific aid for local agricultural production should be simplified, consolidated and improved.
Thirdly, the list of products has been revised and a number of feedingstuffs have been included on the list.
Fourthly, we want more competition between supply sources, which is why we have introduced the principle whereby aid must reflect the costs of transport from the European mainland.
Fifthly and finally, the common organisation of the market in milk and in beef and veal needs to be revised in order to harmonise the three POSEI regulations.
The Commission's stand on the proposed amendments is based on the principle of budgetary neutrality, which must be maintained in all cases.
Nonetheless, expenditure on the three POSEI programmes can be increased to EUR 204.4 million between now and 2005, with the same breakdown, as this proposal is covered by savings.
The Commission can therefore only agree to proposed amendments which impact on the budget if they are offset by equally high savings.
I shall finish, if I may, by listing the points on which I can agree.
The conversion of vineyards planted with hybrid varieties can be continued in the Azores and Madeira under certain circumstances.
Promoting imports of fattening cattle could be included in a comprehensive programme to promote cattle breeding on the Canary Islands.
Finally, the transitional regulations should be strengthened in order to guarantee continuity.
Again, I cannot agree to apply Article 292(2) here.
Now briefly to the fisheries reports.
I shall confine myself here to the proposed amendments; obviously you know what they are because you are about to vote on them.
The first two proposed amendments concern the legal basis.
As the same legal basis must apply to the whole package of measures, the Commission stands by its proposal to apply Article 37.
Article 299 should only be used in order to make provision for derogations from the Treaty, which is not the case here.
I can accept the third proposed amendment.
Amendments Nos 4 and 6 concern problems with fish and flags of convenience.
These problems were raised during the debate.
We are in full agreement with you here and I expressly welcome the fact that Parliament has a clear position on this matter.
We would prefer, however, to resolve this problem when we next amend Regulation 27/92, which we are already working on.
We shall be sending a proposal to Parliament and the Council within the next few days.
As regards the fifth proposed amendment, a broad majority in the Council is in favour of a compromise solution on this question.
We cannot accept your Amendment No 5 because we feel that we should not keep on promoting the overcapitalisation of the EU fleet.
I can accept Amendments Nos 7 and 8.
Then briefly to Mrs Fraga Estvez's report.
This proposal is the first in a package of measures ordered by the European Council in Nice.
Today's proposal meets one of the specifications set in Nice, namely to extend the current aid regulation to 30 June.
The Commission will be adopting the second measure in the package ordered by Nice in June as well.
I think this is justified for social reasons.
I hope that, despite the noise here, anyone interested in hearing my report and my position has been able to do so.
Thank you.
I would like to make it clear that the Quaestors were not consulted about this change.
They should have been, and an undertaking was given that they would be before a tender was awarded, but they were not consulted.
I have managed to speak only to Mary Banotti so far, but I can assure you that we will take this matter up.
Mr President, in relation to the point that you raised after Commissioner Fischler had spoken.
I feel the noise in this Chamber is an absolute disgrace.
I know all the Presidents try desperately to stop it.
I suggest the presidency look at possibly having a five-minute break between the end of Commissioners' statements and the vote.
We cannot continue to allow Commissioners to be treated this way.
I entirely agree.
Something needs to be done about it.
It sets a disgraceful example.
I do not know what the people in the public gallery must think of this House.
VOTE
Thank you, that was clear and helpful.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
(Parliament adopted the resolution)President.
That concludes the vote.
EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE
Report Hughes (A5-0196/2001)
Thank you very much, and please pass on my regards to your mother.
Mr President, I would like to use my explanation of vote to explain my voting on the Hughes report.
I voted against all the amendments.
We already have Regulation 3820/85 on driving and resting times which also regulates suitable driving and resting times for small haulage businesses.
Mr Hudghton, for example, drew attention to the problems of drivers coming from the Hebrides onto the mainland of Scotland and then onwards.
Ms Kauppi made similar points as I recall about Finland, and other colleagues made points about Portugal.
We were told that during the debate that the intention is to provoke a conciliation and obtain a compromise position between the Commission and Parliament at conciliation.
We also condemn the fact that rest periods are excluded from working time, which means that the driver is not able to use this time as he wishes.
.
The UK Conservative Delegation voted against the Hughes amendments for the reasons set out in my speech in the debate.
The Hughes amendments, if adopted by Council, would place further burdens on the self-employed and on SMEs.
. (PT) The European Commission proposal is unacceptable in that it excludes self-employed drivers, since this puts important objectives in the common transport policy at stake.
The system it proposes will create conditions of unfair competition, jeopardising the objective of road safety and not helping to encourage quality of service.
This will be the only way to ensure that road safety is encouraged and to prevent unfair competition.
No country and no business must be excluded from the directive and no exemptions must be granted.
In order to ensure that the legislation is implemented, the European Union must provide itself with the human and financial resources, particularly by hiring sufficient numbers of qualified employment inspectors.
A driver' s working time might currently reach 60 or 70 hours, of which at least 50 might be spent behind the wheel.
The phrase 'working time' must not only mean driving time, but must cover all other activities too.
Night work must be drastically shortened - 8 hours' driving is still too high - with the corresponding compensation and it must be limited to the transport of certain goods.
Lastly, the rules must apply to self-employed hauliers as well as to salaried drivers.
In view of this progress, we have voted in favour of this report.
.
The common position adopted by the Council fails to take proper account of these objectives, especially on the following points:
the inclusion of self-employed truck drivers
the exclusion of employees in haulage companies based outside the EU
the definition of the working times and standby duty
the definition of night work
Although we realise that accepting the recommendation would lead to difficult negotiations with the Council, my group voted in favour because:
3. The definitions of standby duty, night time and night work must take account of social aspects.
4. All truck drivers must provide proof of the time spent at the wheel, irrespective of whether they are employed or self-employed.
. (NL) Labour is still a commodity.
It is attractive to employers if they can get their employees to work at the times that involve the least costs.
They prefer drivers on the road who can be called on at any time of the day or night, all through the week.
Sometimes twenty consecutive hours, and at other times five times a day for a couple of hours.
Only a well-coordinated campaign by government and trade unions can help put a stop to this.
This is based on the position that a good balance must be found between road safety and reasonable terms for entrepreneurs.
Report Skinner (A5-0156/2001)
As you know, Mr President, I am the national secretary of the Pensioners' Party in Italy, and therefore I represent pensioners.
Unfortunately, many pensioners, including young ones, are such because they have had accidents at work.
I therefore applaud this report which seeks to reduce greatly accidents at work caused by working at a height.
This is an area in which the EU should not have such a great influence.
Our basic attitude towards the European Union is positive.
European integration provides an opportunity to find solutions to cross-border problems such as the environment, trade, movement across borders, human rights and conflict management.
We also believe in the principle of subsidiarity whereby decisions are to be taken as close to those affected as possible.
That is why we are actively driving forward the issue of a constitution for the European Union, in which the division of responsibility is clear to everyone.
It must be absolutely clear to all citizens that the EU is only to be engaged in the matters at which it is best - cross-border issues.
We are convinced that the EU is not the best level for legislation concerning, for example, how steps are to be used in work above ground or floor level.
National requirements must be allowed to decide how structures are to be erected and how work is to be carried out.
For us, it is important that the EU instead concentrate on a small number of areas in which it can really do some good.
This is not one such area.
Detailed regulation is not the right way.
However correct and well-intentioned this may be, it cannot fall within the competence of European politics.
The European Parliament must effect this demarcation by showing restraint in what it applies itself to and seeks to have decision-making competence over.
A common market should have certain minimum rules and common aims in order to achieve better health and safety at work.
However, it is reprehensible to regulate in detail at EU level how these aims are to be achieved.
We Swedish Christian Democrats see it as a high priority task to work for a clearer division of competence between the EU and the Member States.
The EU' s legislation must be kept free of detailed regulations, and new legislation must take the principle of subsidiarity into consideration.
EU directives should essentially aim to establish goals, not to rule on details and describe the way to achieve those goals.
.
This report, which culminated in the common position, promotes health and safety for all workers across the EU who have to work at heights on temporary equipment.
It is a law which is both employer-friendly as well as efficient at directing attention towards the 'safety culture' and practices required to save lives and reduce injuries.
Report Sterckx (A5-0208/2001)
All this is essential in order to solve accidents and, above all, to prevent them, if it is used with appropriate monitoring.
- (DA) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of an improvement to maritime safety.
Many pollution accidents could have been avoided if there had been better safety.
We have seen all too many accidents during the last couple of years.
There was the loss of the tanker, Erika off Brittany in December 1999, resulting in considerable oil pollution, and the loss of the Italian chemical tanker, Ievoli Sun.
Most recently, we have seen an extensive oil spill in the Baltic, which could have been avoided if we had had better European rules.
Ship owners do not think that a black box has anything to do with safety.
However, that is not the case.
A black box is very useful in the investigation after two ships have collided, as happened, for example, in the Baltic.
If we become better at discovering the causes of accidents, we also become better at preventing them.
We cannot wait for international rules in the IMO.
The EU must take the lead in the IMO by adopting better rules.
We cannot compromise on safety.
We must have safety so that fish, birds and people can use the sea without being covered in oil and chemicals.
Once again, we feel that this directive presents clear advances in terms of control, but that it contains serious loopholes, particularly with regard to crews.
By the same token, the inspections must be carried out by a sufficient number of properly trained staff.
Lastly, the concept of a 'port of refuge' will only become a reality if effective facilities exist for these ports.
Report Sterckx (A5-0208/2001 ) and Mastorakis (A5-0205/2001)
What we need now is for these measures to be implemented.
No particular restrictions are being imposed to make these measures absolute obligations, either for shipowners or for charterers.
The minimum that should be done in this area is to make both groups responsible, in addition to their other duties, for any non-compliance with these directives.
Report Mastorakis (A5-0205/2001)
That is where my love of the sea and fascination with ships started.
I therefore believe that no city in Europe could represent the problems of shipping and, especially, maritime safety better than Genoa.
I hope, therefore, as a Genoese man and as a sailor, that Genoa will be chosen as the location for the Maritime Safety Agency.
If this draft regulation is adopted, it will lead to the creation of a European Maritime Safety Agency.
Where safety at sea is concerned, it seems appropriate to address the issue at European level.
This is a tool which will not interfere with Member States' political decisions, but which will aid decision making and monitoring.
This agency is also something that almost all operators in sea-related industries want.
This is why we are tabling several amendments, which seek to improve on the initial proposal.
It is quite reasonable that members of national parliaments, regional representatives and seamen' s rights and environmental protection associations should have a place on the agency' s management board.
It is also reasonable that the agency should produce regular reports on the results of its actions.
Report Esclop (A5-0201/2001)
This regulation will enable us to establish a fund for the compensation of oil pollution damage in European waters.
The oil slick of December 1999 demonstrated once again the inadequacy of compensation on offer.
Most of the victims have still not been compensated.
The proposal is a definite improvement but it is inadequate, because it does not take the idea of making both the shipowner and the charterer responsible to its conclusion.
It is an improvement because the money for the fund will be guaranteed by European businesses, which will enable the compensation to be both substantial and rapid.
The proposal contains major shortcomings, because this regulation does not establish the unlimited responsibility of polluters and does not deduct the payment from the total damages caused.
This is why we are tabling amendments.
Other amendments seek to make the management of the COPE funds more transparent by means of the composition of its committee.
I wish to focus my speech on the issue of compensating the victims of oil pollution, which our House has quite rightly proposed to extend to pollution by hazardous substances.
It is unacceptable that the victims, or more often the taxpayers, should have to stand in, in financial terms, for those responsible for causing the pollution.
We agree with the stated objectives, which are to fully compensate the victims for the damage they have suffered and to ensure that the compensation mechanisms function efficiently and speedily.
In these circumstances, the victims risk coming up against the same problems of proving the pollution and of companies refusing to pay.
Report Collins (A5-0203/2001)
From the sea, Mr President, we go up to the sky; from maritime safety we move on to air safety.
I find this really reassuring because, ever since I have been a Member of the European Parliament, I have been constantly up in the sky in aeroplanes.
The aim of the directive which is the subject of the Collins report is to improve this safety even further, so let us have it!
A thank you to the Commission for having made this proposal and to us Members for having approved it!
We all want to see constant improvements to air traffic safety, passengers, airlines, technical services and responsible political forces such as the Members of the European Parliament alike.
Especially since the volume of air traffic is expected to spiral in forthcoming years.
Systematically evaluating cases in which the wrong decision or wrong action was taken will be particularly important for staff training.
Recreating and simulating situations in which a decision is required will help to ensure that staff are better prepared and react calmly to irregularities and emergencies.
We therefore welcome the Commission's proposal for a directive and are in favour of the report presented by Mr Collins and the few proposed amendments to it.
Report Busk (A5-0210/2001)
.
(DE) Animal welfare is part of our basic ethical understanding.
We should also consider that arrangements for animals change when new animal protection standards are introduced.
The new regulations will contain specific details on how pigs are to be kept, that is, pen sizes, the design of pens and arrangements for pregnant animals.
Not only people and their environment but also animal welfare is sacrificed to the free market.
National rules for protection are brushed aside by great economic interests and European liberalisation.
The further liberalisation is carried, the more it works to the advantage of whoever produces cheapest.
The fact that poor working methods are used in order to be so cheap does not matter.
Pigs and chickens are shut up in very unnatural circumstances in too small a floorspace where they get in each other' s way.
That saves space and hence costs.
Quite rightly individuals and organisations have campaigned for years to highlight this fact.
For that reason it is positive that some more political interest is at last emerging in animal suffering caused by intensive livestock farming.
Every regulation that brings some improvement will have my support, although I am far from being convinced that approval of this proposal will put an end to unnecessary animal suffering.
Report Brok (A5-0209/2001)
Our vote against the report expresses our indignation at the entire policy maintained by the Western powers, particularly those from the European Union.
This policy consists, having littered Kosovo with bombs as it did with Serbia, of making the very ruins of those countries into an additional outlet for Western capital.
The Western powers must realise that repairing what they destroyed is the least of the matter.
This should be paid for by the Western powers, or more precisely, out of their military budgets, without generating private profit in the West.
Report Martnez Martnez (A5-0195/2001) and (A5-0197/2001)
Mr President, this is one of the most useful measures of all those we have voted on in Parliament.
Let us hope that this example will be followed whenever decisions must be made on the outermost regions of Europe.
We are entirely in favour of aid for overseas territories, which centuries of colonisation and exploitation by European countries have kept in an underdeveloped economic situation.
We are in favour of aid, but under different conditions.
This is why we abstained, but voted in favour of the amendments likely to promote the interests of the working classes in these regions.
. (PT) The European Commission proposals for the revision of Poseima fall well short of meeting expectations.
This opinion of Parliament therefore takes on greater importance, and it is essential that the Council should accept it in its entirety.
Nevertheless, although I voted in favour of Parliament' s position, I must make the following reservations:
I cannot accept that Poseima should remain restricted to the agricultural sector and residually to the fisheries sector;
Neither can I accept the nature of the measure proposed to safeguard the principal production of the Azores: milk.
I hope, however, that the possible reduction in some measures has been averted, as was apparent in the text of the Commission proposal.
In this respect, I must point to the opinion approved by the Committee on Budgets, annexed to the Martnez Martnez report, which addressed all these reservations.
Poseima has thus made a significant contribution to the maintenance of our agriculture.
Poseima has also been crucial in that it includes specific measures aimed at cutting supply overheads, particularly in terms of transport, for foodstuffs for consumption or industrial processing.
The proposed revision of Poseima with the changes recommended by Parliament is highly positive.
New instruments are introduced and current ones are modified in the light of the experience acquired.
I hope the Commission will accept the changes proposed by Parliament.
.
The British Conservative Delegation of the EPP-ED Group voted against the Martnez Martnez report on specific measures for agricultural products for various countries.
My colleagues and I are wholly sympathetic to the special needs of the EU's outermost regions given their isolation and the problems this causes.
Across Europe, the agricultural sector is in severe difficulties and stretching its budget further does not seem feasible at this stage.
Similar thinking instructed my delegation's decision to vote against Mr Martnez Martnez's other report on structural measures.
Report Fraga Estvez (A5-0185/2001)
. (PT) After the expiry of the fisheries agreement with Morocco on 30 November 1999, the Community fleet was left inactive.
I therefore voted for the report.
Report Galeote Quecedo (A5-0199/2001)
(PPE-DE), in writing.
Report Linkohr (A5-0163/2001)
Clear skies, swallows flying in from all around, calm seas, incredible sunshine.
Are we perhaps in Italy, Mr President?
No.
We are in Sweden, on the beautiful island of Gotland.
What, you will be wondering, has this to do with the European Union' s oil supplies?
Well, I hope that the use of renewable forms of energy will be boosted in Europe.
- (DA) We have together voted in favour of the report, for we think it important that alternative energy sources to mineral oil be found.
However, we have voted against Paragraph 8 of the report, for we are, in general, opposed to the use of nuclear energy.
The report' s recitals maintain that "high oil prices and price fluctuations affect the poorer sectors of the population disproportionately" .
The explanatory statement also states that price increases are basically the result of speculation.
All the other factors, however, demonstrate the self-inflicted powerlessness of the European institutions, and indeed of the Member States, to intervene.
Each speculative price increase represents a huge levy imposed by some oil groups and capitalist middlemen on the population, including the poorest sections, who pay directly or indirectly.
It is untrue that the public authorities could not ban price increases.
It is untrue that they cannot abolish tax on fuel for personal use.
The Commission is incapable of taking the measures that are required and is content to reel off hollow phrases.
We have therefore voted against this report.
The Member States must give serious consideration to becoming less dependent on energy supplies from outside the European Union.
Secondly, the problem of climate change linked to the greenhouse effect has forced us to respect international commitments.
This is why the Member States must do everything they can to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels.
In order to achieve this, one method open to us is to develop bio-fuels.
The more enlightened car manufacturers and oil companies are supporting this strategy.
That concludes the explanations of vote.
Direct support schemes under the CAP
The Commission's proposal allows for global payments of up to EUR 1 000 and abolishes the complicated application procedure for small farms.
Of course, this varies from one country to another.
I think Mr Cunha will be addressing this point.
In Portugal the proportion is, of course, much higher.
We also suggest that the provision in Articles 3 and 4 of Regulation No 1229/99 requiring environmental standards to be observed should also apply here.
What we do not want is for global payments to small farms to be used to make savings.
If a farm claims global payment, it is not entitled to increases to compensation payments under Agenda 2000 as years go by, because global payments are based on past payments.
This means that these farms are not entitled to increases, which is why we suggest a 20% increase in global payments.
It could be argued that this 20% increase would also be justified by revising payments directly in line with increases.
We take the view that this is rather too complicated, but we do not want small farms to be punished by this regulation when payments are made.
We should not therefore be looking to make savings with this regulation and from these small farms by excluding them.
However, because it is such a small amount and because it only affects small farms, which basically do a good job in the countryside, you should reconsider.
It is a cautious but realistic start, which I think is both reasonable and important.
Certain aids, however, have still been left out, such as those for olive oil, bananas, tobacco, potato starch, etc., and I hope that these too will be included in future.
Otherwise we might be encouraging absenteeism.
This is fundamental.
Aid to small farms cannot be calculated at the same basic rate as other aids.
Mr President, the Socialist Group is pleased with this proposal because it is one step further towards simplifying agricultural policy and favours small-scale farmers.
The proposal recognises that in many instances the administrative costs of managing and processing the aid do not match the amount of aid that these small-scale farmers receive.
However, 48% of farms receive less than EUR 2 000 and, as has already been pointed out, there is a great deal of variation within the Member States.
This will prevent discrimination and the possible negative financial effects that this proposal could have on small-scale farmers.
Mr President, seldom have we encountered such a brief proposal with such potentially far-reaching effects.
The CAP aid schemes needed simplifying.
Despite the simplifications, we must guard against the risks of spoiling them or reducing their effectiveness.
The value of the Graefe zu Baringdorf report thus deserves recognition.
The Commission did not accept it at first, but then agreed to move in that direction.
I believe that if we had done that we would today have much more precise information about the subjects we are dealing with.
There may also be problems with this system regarding its ability to differentiate between aid for small-scale holdings and that for part-time farming.
In any case, we shall be supporting his report.
In this sense this move is a very fundamental one.
This is a very important issue especially as far as the smallest farmers are concerned.
In the long term the scheme should be developed so that rural development activities are linked to it.
The scheme should also include an expansion bonus, even now in its initial stages.
The rapporteur has correctly intervened in the matter and pointed out that there is an opportunity for raising support outside the scheme by virtue of the agenda solution.
I see this as a very important point.
To make the scheme attractive also to farms attempting to improve production, our committee' s proposal on raising the level of support is justified.
The level can be discussed but the principle especially on this matter is very important.
For this reason this trial, which at the moment is experimental and temporary, should receive widespread support.
Mr President, apart from its costs, the common agricultural policy makes it difficult to allocate small farmer support to countries like Portugal, where 75% of farmers are small-scale.
Simplification of the direct support scheme has become essential, and so it is important to make progress in this field, even if only experimentally.
I therefore regret the proposal by Arlindo Cunha to reduce this threshold to 1500 euro.
In any case, I support the report presented by Parliament.
Mr President, Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, I should like to start by thanking you for your detailed report on this proposal.
Quite a few Member States have expressed similar views at working party meetings chaired by the Agriculture Directorate-General.
The present proposal is the Commission's answer to these complaints.
It should make life easier both for the national authorities and, more importantly, for the farmers who are entitled to use this simplified system in future.
For the national authorities, the time needed to process applications and carry out controls will be cut.
I am hugely in favour of simplifying the common agricultural policy.
As numerous aspects of the small producers' regulations have yet to be tested, we must ensure that this is an endeavour which can initially be implemented up to 2005.
This regulation will be evaluated before the trial period ends and I sincerely hope that this evaluation will then form the basis for a more comprehensive, more ambitious, long-term solution.
Now to the individual proposed amendments.
The environmental requirements in Regulation 1259/99 will continue to apply because they are already covered in the regulation, meaning that Amendment No 1 is redundant.
The 20% increase to payments proposed in Amendments Nos 2 and 3 will, I think, cause problems.
First, the regulation would no longer be without any impact on the budget and we would have to reckon on additional costs of about EUR 100 million per annum.
Secondly, the sole purpose of the proposal is to find a simpler way of getting current aid to farmers.
May I also point out that farmers can, in any case, opt to use the average of the last three years or the previous year as a basis.
It is true that, to an extent, we are in a transitional stage.
However, this transition has closed today for all surface area premiums.
As far as beef premiums are concerned, there will be a further increase next year.
I can confirm that.
In other words, it is not the Commission's intention to disadvantage farmers.
Nor is there, however, any justification for increasing premiums through the back door.
The Commission can accept the suggestion in Amendment No 4 to raise the proposed ceiling above EUR 1 000 but will have to reject Amendment No 5.
Mr President, allow me to ask the Commissioner a question before the debate closes.
You said we would need another hundred million.
According to the calculations in your proposal, the payments affected here - if I remember correctly - represent 1.6% of all payments.
In other words they are minute.
As Mr Pesl said, we were not looking to increase premiums, we were just trying to keep things simple.
If the Commission makes sure that it adds the additional premium increase for the farms to the global payment system, then we would be satisfied.
We are not trying to increase premiums through the back door, even though these holdings are sorely in need of an increase.
That is another kettle of fish, however.
To make savings here is out of order, however.
Because that would represent a saving and a reduction in premiums to the detriment of these small farms and I think we should prevent that.
Mr President, the Commission also takes the view that we should not be looking to make savings, but nor should we be looking to extend premiums.
As we understood the proposal, there would be an across-the-board increase of 20%, which would generate considerable additional costs here.
All the others have already been included; and the increase in the beef sector next year will not be 20%, it will be around 10%.
He has that choice and will not be disadvantaged as a result.
Our objective is not to make so-called savings and no such insinuation should be made; our objective is to make people's lives easier here while guaranteeing budgetary neutrality.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
TOPICAL AND URGENT DEBATE
The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
Biological and toxins weapons convention
The first item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0434/2001 by Patricia McKenna and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0436/2001 by Pedro Marset Campos and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0446/2001 by Bill Newton-Dunn, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0454/2001 by John Walls Cushnahan and Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention;
B5-0462/2001 by Jan Wiersma and Margrietus Van den Berg, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the Compliance Protocol for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention.
Mr President, as everyone knows, the leaders of the EU and the American President are meeting in Gteborg today.
Obviously some of the things they will air are their differences about the Kyoto Protocol on the environment and global warming and about the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which needs updating.
But there is another important matter, however, which has received very little publicity and to which this debate is designed to draw attention.
It is the six-year negotiations that are nearing completion to update the 1972 Biological and Toxic Weapons Convention.
The problem with the 1972 convention is that while it banned production of biological weapons it contained no means of verifying whether they were being produced on the quiet.
Nevertheless, there are now very alarming signals that the Americans may not support the work that has been done so far.
Mr President, the last century began with the widespread use of poisonous gas in the First World War, that is, with chemical weapons.
We have to understand that our era, with the possibilities offered by genetic engineering, brings with it the potential for appalling destruction.
This illustrates just how tremendous our responsibility is, which is why we urgently need to comply with and strengthen international law and work towards multilateralism on these issues.
We are quick to criticise the leading role of the USA - and I believe that this leading role is, in fact, too big.
That is not the fault of the USA, however, it is the result of political and, above all, security policy weaknesses in the European Union.
Then we shall be able to resolve these problems.
Mr President, President Bush' s visit to Europe is taking place partly in the context of his plans for a national missile defence system.
This is supposedly to protect the United States against attacks from so-called 'rogue states' .
To put it mildly, we are not very enthusiastic about these plans and want a multilateral approach to the threat cited by the United States.
For that matter that missile defence system will not protect the Americans against the threat of, for example, biological weapons, which can be spread in many ways.
It is ironic but also tragic that the United States does not seem to want to cooperate in the strengthening of the convention on biological weapons.
That mechanism is required urgently.
Reaching agreement on this will mean at last another success in the struggle against weapons of mass destruction.
The political conclusion of an agreement would be that there definitely are international alternatives to unilateral action in the security field.
Mr President, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction poses a major threat to the world.
The misuse of biotechnology for hostile purposes must be addressed straight away.
The use of biological and toxic weapons has to be tackled.
It is disgraceful that there is no mechanism in place today to verify compliance with the Biological and Toxins Weapons Convention.
A legally binding protocol to strengthen compliance with the BTWC is a matter of the utmost urgency.
We would also like to see States create a stronger possible verification regime in order to curb the hostile misuse of biological technologies.
This means maintaining at the very least the measure currently outlined in the chairman's draft text.
We would recommend that the final version of the compliance protocol establish a modern and open verification regime capable of adjusting to changes in political climate and in technological capabilities.
Mr President, the Commission fully supports the resolutions tabled by the different groups in the European Parliament.
It is indeed critical at present that effective progress be achieved by the international community in the field of non-proliferation and disarmament.
As regards the specific case of the BTWC signed in 1972, the lack of a verification protocol has been a major flaw vis--vis non-proliferation in the international community.
The Ad Hoc Group was created to resolve this issue.
After five years of difficult negotiations at the Disarmament Conference in Geneva, the time has now come to conclude such a protocol.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Situation in the Central African Republic
Mr President, it is a tragedy that we are discussing here.
A rich country that has almost become bankrupt, State employees who do not receive their salaries, civil rights violations, attempted coups and oppression, armed conflict and hundreds killed.
I believe we can all agree about that here in Parliament.
It is in danger of plunging the Central African Republic into a similar chaos, which will create even greater suffering.
Faced with this tragedy, the European Union cannot turn a blind eye.
It does not have to return to a policy of interference, but must simply not give in to the temptation of indifference.
The resolution, which is soon to be put to the vote in this House, expresses our compassion and condemns this return to violence.
We have suggested this in our proposal for a resolution, which the Group of the European People' s Party will give their unreserved support.
The resolution condemns the presence of foreign armed forces, which happen to be Libyan.
How can we ignore the fact, though, that the foreign armed force that remained longest in the country, which sealed its fate, was the French army?
Mr President, democracy has still not been achieved in Africa.
That emerged yet again in the attempted coup in the Central African Republic, in fact a classic scenario.
However, the difference is that this time troops from other African countries intervened to support the democratically elected leader.
So that, given the indifference of the international communities, African countries are slowly learning to solve their own problems for themselves.
The fact that in the process, a country like Libya gains more power and esteem in the continent is a regrettable but obviously inevitable side effect.
There is more to it than that, however.
The events in the Central African Republic are also an extension of the war in Congo.
The perpetrators of the coup were supported by pro-Kabila troops, who are trying to attack the Congolese rebels from the rear and cut their supply lines.
The war in Congo, the war in Central Africa is spreading like an oil slick across the continent. Unfortunately Europe is looking on indecisively and passively.
The lack of interest, but mainly the divisions within the European Union, leads to indecisive and inconsistent action against countries that break the Lusaka agreements.
I should like, in this context, once again to argue strongly in favour of our not forgetting Africa, neither in their interests nor in ours.
Mr President, the Commission is concerned about the recent attempted coup in the Central African Republic and the increasing political and social instability in the country.
The Community's cooperation is to be focused on the transport and health sectors.
This strategy may have to be reviewed in the light of recent events.
It should be emphasised that the crisis did not turn at any time into a widespread mutiny and remained essentially confined to military operations.
The resulting humanitarian crisis appears to be well identified and manageable.
In consultation with these partners, and in response to this crisis, the Commission will be providing up to EUR 1 million for a two-month operation.
Mr President, I do not have a great deal to add, because the Commissioner has answered the questions that I wanted to ask.
They help to strengthen dictators, not democrats.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Human rights
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
Guatemala - B5-0430/2001 by Monica Frassoni and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0438/2001by Giuseppe Di Lello Finuoli and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0448/2001 by Carles-Alfred Gasliba I Bhm, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the human rights situation in Guatemala;
B5-0456/2001 by Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez Neyra and others, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Guatemala;
B5-0464/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on Guatemala.
Electoral fraud in Chad- B5-0439/2001 by Fod Sylla and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on electoral fraud in Chad;
B5-0449/2001 by Bob van den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the Presidential elections in Chad;
B5-0457/2001 by John Bowis and Philippe Morillon, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the current situation in Chad following the Presidential elections;
B5-0465/2001 by Marie-Arlette Carlotti and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on Presidential elections in Chad;
B5-0472/2001 by Nelly Maes and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation in Chad.
Egypt- B5-0422/2001 by Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EDD Group, on the situation in Egypt;
B5-0425/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0440/2001 by Yasmine Boudjenah and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the human rights situation in Egypt;
B5-0450/2001 by Bob van den Bos and others, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0466/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt;
B5-0471/2001 by Daniel Cohn-Bendit and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the case of Mrs Nawal Saadawi and Mr Saad Eddin Ibrahim in Egypt.
Malaysia- B5-0433/2001 by Patricia McKenna, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0441/2001 by Luigi Vinci, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0451/2001 by Jules Maaten, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the situation in Malaysia;
B5-0458/2001 by John Cushnahan and Bernd Posselt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia;
B5-0467/2001 by Glynn Ford, on behalf of the PSE Group, on detention without trial under the Internal Security Act (ISA) in Malaysia.
Afghanistan- B5-0423/2001 by Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EDD Group, on the further human rights abuses by the Taliban regime in Afghanistan;
B5-0424/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the situation in Afghanistan;
B5-0427/2001 by Crisitiana Muscardini, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the situation in Afghanistan;
B5-0429/2001 by Jill Evans and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Afghanistan;
B5-0442/2001 by Genevive Fraisse and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the further human rights abuses in Afghanistan;
B5-0452/2001 by Cecilia Malmstrm and Astrid Thors, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on further human rights abuses by the Taliban regime in Afghanistan;
B5-0459/2001 by Thomas Mann and Charles Tannock, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Afghanistan;
B5-0468/2001 by Margrietus Van den Berg and Vattimo, on behalf of the PSE Group: the situation in Afghanistan.
Guatemala
Mr President, my group supports the recommendations of the Commission for historical clarification, in order to put on trial those who in the past violated human rights in Guatemala.
I am talking about human rights activists, lawyers and judges.
In the past, support for such people from the Guatemalan authorities has often been lacking.
Consequently, I fervently hope that that support will increase after and because of this resolution.
That is what is threatening to happen now.
You probably know who I am talking about, Mr Rios Mont, at present speaker of the parliament.
Fortunately, we know today that three army officers and a priest - it is terrible that a priest should have been involved - have been sentenced for this crime.
Otherwise impunity would become a serious problem for the future of Guatemala.
To this end we believe the European Union should help protect all the witnesses, judges and defenders of human rights in Guatemala who are working towards this.
I am quite sure that we in the European Union can do this.
We must demand that all those working against impunity should be protected and that the facts with which this report is concerned should be made known.
Punishment is not always the crucial factor.
What is crucial is to bring out the truth.
Prosecutions must be brought because the truth must come out if people are not to be deceived again.
Guatemala has ratified the Geneva Convention and the convention aimed at preventing and punishing genocide.
The Truth Commission has asked that the authorities now take legal proceedings against those who have practised or supported genocide.
We must show our concern for the situation of violence, involving assaults on individuals and members of the judiciary, that has occurred and which has, of course, caused turmoil.
We are not in favour of supporting Mrs Frassoni' s amendment to take concrete action against military commanders.
In our opinion the indiscriminate nature of this amendment is not good.
Moreover, we would be taking over the role that belongs to the courts, whom we want to support in their vital task of pacification and re-establishing the rule of law.
The whole history of huge estates, owned by the capituleros, goes back much further.
Rigoberta Menchu is someone who appealed strongly to the indigenous population.
That is also the reason why I, contrary to what the honourable Member from the PPE-DE said, still believe that the amendment is meaningful.
Someone like Rios Mont with his coterie of relations and contacts definitely belongs to those circles.
On that point I also hope that the Commission will draw strength from this.
It will not do so without sufficient international support. In that sense what we do here in the European Parliament is also of great value and significance.
In this resolution the new phase in which Guatemala finds itself is recognised, and the legitimacy of the government is fully recognised.
I hope that the resolution will also be in honour of Rigoberta Menchu.
Electoral fraud in Chad
Mr President, Commissioner, I think that the elections in Chad are a textbook case for those throughout the world who want a user' s manual for producing an electoral farce.
First of all, there is a climate of persecution against all opponents, with union activists being arrested and then the ballot boxes are stuffed with an extra one million votes.
France has maintained a military presence in that country since independence.
The army printed the ballot papers and made the ballot boxes.
It is the army that transported the material needed for voting to the most distant provinces of this vast desert country.
I therefore feel that France bears direct responsibility and that France has colluded in this electoral fraud, or, in any event, has directly or indirectly contributed to it.
The silence of the international community is due to the fact that enormous oil deposits have just been discovered in Chad.
I therefore feel that this is a real textbook case, which we could still call, forgive me for saying so, a neo-colonialist policy in Africa.
Mr President, the newly elected President Deby has made wonderful promises to his people, the European Union and the World Bank.
He announced that he would tackle the widespread corruption and would respect human rights.
He was going to remove his country from the poverty spiral with the aid of oil revenues.
Is Deby aware that he is irrevocably bound to honour the agreements he has made?
The World Bank did not put almost NLG 4 billion into the oil project lightly.
Nor are the European Cotonou resources unconditional.
The aid creates obligations but all the indications are that the president is trying to wriggle out of them.
Deby used part of the oil consortium' s advance millions to acquire weapons.
In so doing he broke his promise to the World Bank that he would use the money to fight poverty.
The elections appear to have been heavily rigged.
The restrictions on press freedom and the arbitrary arrests among the opposition once again underline the lack of democracy.
Europe must make it clear to Deby that he cannot break his word with impunity.
We were also looking at human rights in that country.
Today we three have tabled this motion because our concern then for human rights has been compounded now by allegations following the presidential elections.
It is right that we should not jump to conclusions.
It is right that we should take note of the OAU monitors, who thought that the elections were broadly fair.
It is equally right that we should take note of the views of those other observers and human rights groups who thought they were not.
The government of Chad needs to reassure public opinion in Chad and throughout the world by holding an independent and a public inquiry into the allegations that have been made.
The European Union should insist on this.
We are major investors in Chad and we should certainly be thinking of sending monitors from this Parliament to Chad for next year's parliamentary elections.
However, there are questions to which we demand answers.
First, if there are 4 million voters registered in Chad and another half million registered abroad, how can 5.6 million people have voted?
Is it true that children were seen with ballot papers?
Secondly, why were the OAU and other international observers not allowed into the north of the country?
Thirdly, why were the officials of polling stations in the north replaced at midday by military and other civilian personnel?
Fourthly, if the total votes recorded in the south were overwhelmingly for opposition candidates as alleged, how can the overall vote have been calculated as it was?
Fifthly, is it true, and I believe it was, that a women's delegation seeking to present a petition to the French Ambassador was shot at and dispersed by military personnel?
Sixthly, is it true that the six opposition candidates were arrested after the election and one of these, Mr Yorongar, was beaten and wounded?
That is our demand and it is the demand of the people of Chad.
Mr President, the Socialist Group is also extremely concerned about the unrest that has arisen in Chad since the re-election of Idriss Deby.
Accusations of electoral fraud, arrests and torture of members of the opposition, demonstrations broken up violently. We condemn these violations of fundamental rights in the strongest possible terms.
I have a further question - in fact I agree with all the questions posed by the honourable Member from the PPE-DE.
Is Idriss Deby in fact a new oil dictator ?
Does this mean that Chad will follow in the footsteps of countries such as Nigeria, Angola and Sierra Leone?
We know the impact of the extraction of raw materials such as oil and diamonds have had, and are still having, on the conflicts in these countries.
The Chad-Cameroon pipeline project is receiving help from the World Bank and the European Investment Bank.
Parliament expressed its concerns about the pipeline project as early as January 2000.
Unfortunately, recent events in Chad seem to have proved us right.
Both the World Bank and we in Europe must increase pressure on Chad to ensure that the human rights situation there is improved.
This may, as far as I am concerned, eventually lead to the cutting off of funding.
At the same time the international companies involved must take their share of the responsibility.
Mr President, honourable Members have highlighted at length the way in which the elections were rigged in Chad.
Again we see that democratic elections or elections intended to be democratic, are not conducted democratically.
In Chad it turned into a real electoral hold-up.
A coup in democratic guise, and foreign public opinion must not be fooled.
We have spoken to the representatives of Chad, as Mr Bowis has already mentioned.
The people of Chad have no faith in their democratic institutions and they have been proved right.
Reportedly no less than four and a half million out of six million inhabitants voted. Voting cards were distributed.
They were sold. The population in the north was artificially increased and that in the south artificially reduced.
To prevent the number of votes cast finally exceeding the number of inhabitants, votes from abroad by citizens of Chad were simply not counted.
In short, we cannot accept such a travesty.
The complaints submitted up to now appear to have been all rejected by the highest authorities and reportedly the results of the election have been declared definitive.
We simply cannot take this.
In so doing we are depriving ourselves, our citizens and own democratic institutions of credibility.
I should also like to urge the French government most strongly not to shirk its responsibility.
Whenever we go to a West African country, we can see the extent to which French influence is still present there.
It serves purely neocolonial ends and we cannot support it.
Mr Yorongar, who was tortured, is here with us.
I should like to pay tribute to him.
In this case, we are not talking about technical problems, which may occur, even in the most stable democracies.
If we are to believe some of the complaints, the facts that emerge are so serious that they are absolutely unacceptable in the twenty-first century.
There will be further opportunities, particularly the legislative elections announced for March 2002, which must not be thwarted, to create a real framework of democratic coexistence in Chad.
Egypt
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the cases of Mrs El Saadawi and Mr Ibrahim involve a country that is not often in the news.
Our Parliament chooses to some extent to forget this country and the others that belong to the Barcelona 'mish mash' of countries that are party to the Euro-mediterranean agreements.
Nevertheless, in Egypt, rather strange things are happening.
The case of Mrs El Saadawi is typical.
She is accused of apostasy and is threatened with compulsory divorce, a custom which, I hope, my fellow Members will want to take a closer look at.
Mrs El Saadawi is in danger of being sent to prison.
I wish to thank the one hundred fellow Members who agreed to sign an appeal on her behalf, together with many international celebrities.
I think that it is Parliament' s duty to react robustly.
The procedure that has inspired this court case is called 'Hisba' and can only be initiated by men or women of the Muslim faith.
The procedure runs completely counter to the Egyptian Constitution, especially to its Article 40.
Mr Ibrahim worked with Commission funds and has been accused of fraud, even though the Commission usually carries strict controls.
It would, therefore, be only appropriate for the Commission to come to his defence as vigorously as possible.
One example of basic rights might include the one laid down in Article 7 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights for which we have just voted, protecting individuals' private lives.
If Mrs El Saadawi is found guilty of apostasy, she will have to divorce, which is a violation of her private life.
We could go down that road, but first of all, we should talk about her, because in 1972, this woman was brave enough to condemn female 'circumcision' .
Since then, Mrs El Saadawi has ceaselessly pursued her feminist struggle, in newspapers, articles, books and by maintaining a considerable public presence.
We are fully aware, then, of who this woman is.
In treating her as she is being treated today, a lack of respect is being demonstrated to all her commitment.
Perhaps we should focus on the fact that the prosecution is now recommending that the charges against her be dropped.
I would nevertheless remind you that divorce...
(The President cut the speaker off)
Mr President, Egypt is crucial to stability in the Middle East. The country maintains important relations with the United States and Europe.
Unfortunately there is still no internal stability. As long ago as 1967 a state of emergency was declared and has never been revoked.
Egypt is still far from being a democracy.
It lacks essential political freedoms and human rights are violated.
The government restricts the activities of political parties, human rights organisations, professional associations and the press.
People are imprisoned without trial and tortured.
Show trials are still held. The recent sentencing of the American sociologist Ibrahim fits very well into this poor picture.
It proves that jurisprudence is controlled by political motives and is unjust.
As an important partner of Egypt' s, we should protest emphatically against these abuses.
The Barcelona process will never get off the ground if democratisation is bogged down in autocratic reluctance.
Stability means something else besides stripping people of rights.
The human rights situation in Egypt is giving rise to increasing concern.
Several other human rights defenders are also experiencing legislative and judicial harassment.
As for the torturers, they continue their ruthless acts with total impunity.
The government does not respect the obligations of international law or the international undertakings given over recent years, including Article 2 of the Association Agreement concluded with the European Union.
Nobody would be mistaken for thinking that this is an agreement of the heart with this friendly country.
Given that negotiations were concluded in June 1999, the Association Agreement is due to be signed very soon and we will be asked to take a stand on this text.
We owe it to ourselves to remain intransigent on these issues whilst at the same time encouraging those who take the correct path.
Mutual understanding is crucial and that is one of the messages I would like to get across today. Urgent or topical resolutions must not make us forget this.
That is what is important.
Members representing 'Lutte ouvrire' will vote for this resolution in order to protest against an unacceptable attack on the freedom of speech.
By the same token, we take this opportunity to denounce the torture practiced in Egyptian police stations.
The facts related by Amnesty International, which alerted us to these practices, concern a number of cases of men, women and even children being tortured, in some cases to death.
Yet the great powers, especially those of the European Union, have the means to put considerable pressure on the Egyptian regime, which benefits from considerable support from the West.
The European Parliament as a whole must take a stand against these barbaric practices of the Egyptian regime.
If these police practices do not stop, this would perhaps go some way towards saving the victims who are currently in the hands of torturers.
Mr President, freedom of expression in Egypt in 2001 AD: the official writers' union expels the author Ali Selim from membership.
The reason for this draconian measure?
Selim is campaigning for normalisation of relations between his country and the neighbouring state of Israel.
For that reason I should like to add his name to those in the resolution before us.
For that matter, Selim' s expulsion does not come completely out of the blue.
For the last four years the actions of this brave, independent Egyptian author has been a thorn in the flesh of his colleagues.
The reason is plain. The Egyptian writers' union forbids its members to have direct contact with Israel.
Nevertheless Selim has so far visited Israel seven times.
True to his vocation, he published his Israeli travel experiences.
They were not well received by the writers' union: exaggeratedly positive about Israel, was the collective judgment.
However, author Selim went further. He spoke out openly in favour of an end to the present Palestine Intifadah.
This was the last straw for the writers, since it bases itself on the so-called 'Aksa-Intifidah' .
In short, Selim's exclusion was inevitable.
At the same time eleven other authors received warnings because of the same attitude as that of Ali Selim.
Meanwhile the renowned member of the Egyptian writers' union, the Nobel Prize winner Nagid Mafouz, has protested vehemently against these censorship measures.
I should like to see the Commission also take action in this matter.
In addition, the EU would in this way be contributing to reviving the flagging peace process in the Middle East.
In any case this peace process is incompatible with the general political tenor of the Egyptian state press.
The latter in fact deals wholesale in the most fantastic anti-Israeli and anti-Western stories and/or accusations.
There he stood, humbly, a Jewish yarmulke on his head, in front of the monument to the (fictitious!) holocaust of the Jews."
No wonder that this year' s guest of honour at the Cairo book fair, the Arab equivalent of the Frankfurt Buchmesse, was Roger Garaudy.
A man characterised in the European press as "the internationally infamous and hounded holocaust denier".
All in all, the Egyptian interpretation of freedom of expression is highly selective politically.
The Commission should also take the authorities in Cairo to task about this.
Mr President, this is an unnecessary and undesirable urgency debate. Certainly it is premature, as Mr Dary said.
It was initiated by the Bonino radicals and was based on erroneous and tendentious accusations against the Egyptian justice system.
In the process of discussions between the groups we elicited the facts, which even they had to agree.
Despite this, the authors of this motion have been peddling shameful and unfounded accusations in their speeches.
However, Commissioner, there is one question I wish to ask you and I would like an unequivocal response, if that is possible.
Paragraph 4 of this resolution expresses our support for the Khaldun Centre for Democracy and requires the Commission to continue its financial support for this organisation and its activities.
That is one of the this case.
If 'yes' , I shall be pleased to support Paragraph 4.
An answer please, Commissioner.
Malaysia
Mr President, I have followed developments in Malaysia for a number of years through visits and acquaintances there.
It is depressing to see how Prime Minister Mahatir is increasingly doing violence to quite elementary democratic principles and general decency in order to put down his political rivals.
This Internal Security Act, or ISA, is used and abused for the purpose of getting at the Prime Minister' s political and personal enemies, as in a dictatorship.
The former Prime Minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman, said as long as fourteen years ago that it looked as though Mr Mahatir was on the way towards authoritarian government.
It can safely be said that he has since continued along the same path.
That is deeply regrettable, and it is good that Parliament is today getting to debate the matter and that we are getting a strong statement from the government.
Malaysia should know the truth when we meet with the Malaysians in the various fora during the coming weeks and months.
This fragile structure is based on respect for other people's culture.
It is based on respect for the law.
This is particularly worrying because Malaysia occupies an important geopolitical position.
It is also an important country economically.
Above all, it is an important member of ASEAN, our partner community in South-East Asia.
Mr President, may I jump the queue and ask Mr Posselt a question?
Do the German Christian Democrats know something we do not?
You said, Mr Posselt, that Karl IV was a Luxembourgois like Mrs Lulling.
I had always assumed that Mrs Lulling was a Luxembourgoise.
If I have misunderstood, please do enlighten me.
Afghanistan
Mr President, I will not reply to Mr Purvis personally.
I think that his way of perceiving events that have taken place or which are still ongoing in Egypt is very selective and that is up to him.
Unfortunately, the future, as indeed the past, is unlikely to prove him right.
Until we adopt a very firm policy towards Pakistan, the Taliban will continue to do what they have been doing for years.
The news is still fresh: the Taliban recaptured a town in the centre of Afghanistan.
The first thing they saw fit to do was to bomb and destroy the hospital and to bomb and destroy the centre for humanitarian aid.
We know about the disasters, we have spoken about them very often, starting with the situation of women, but unfortunately they go far beyond that.
They include the exclusion of the whole of Afghan youth from any form of education worthy of the name.
We are very well aware that the Afghan version of the Koranic schools has nothing to do with education.
It is therefore high time we got some concrete answers from the Commission and the Council, which is once again absent.
The Sikh and Hindu minorities will be required to wear a yellow identification sign on their clothes.
The Human Rights Watch today reports the very latest atrocity in this never-ending story: 60 citizens imprisoned and official, residential and commercial buildings destroyed.
When the regime in Kabul took over power it was to be recognised on the basis of three criteria: stamping out the drug trade, fighting terrorism and respecting human rights.
The Taliban have scored a notable success only in reducing opium production.
Consequently they are convinced that they will never gain international recognition, and hence opt for massive suppression, in other words mass murder, of their people.
So that the question is no longer whether the Taliban are violating human rights, but what conclusions must be drawn.
Accordingly our group is submitting two amendments.
That might result in the NGOs being thrown out, which are the sole remaining source of information.
Europe could suggest lifting sanctions and at the same time increasing the diplomatic pressure on Pakistan.
This would slow down the advance of the Taliban and especially bring them back to the negotiating table.
Mr President, two days ago, Mdecins du monde alerted us in the towns of France as we in the European Parliament seek to inform public opinion on Afghanistan.
Mdecins du monde added that the European Community budget given to NGOs in Afghanistan was in sharp decline.
Now, we seem able to talk about crime, about rape, about apartheid, about everything which reflects the situation of women nowadays.
The current situation is difficult.
It has perhaps been made worse by our support for Commander Massud, Afghan women and many others, as well as the entire Afghan population, which is dying of hunger.
And to do more, as has already been said, is to call the countries supporting the Taliban to account.
This is the logical outcome of our indignation and our support and it is also our responsibility.
Mr President, previous speakers have said that we have repeatedly condemned the violence that is happening in Afghanistan and the human rights violations that take place every day.
What are we to do, however, when the situation gets worse for women and for the Hazars, as mentioned today?
We have a situation in which 170 civilians were executed in January and, as mentioned by Mr Dupuis and the others, there have been attacks in Yakaolang.
What are we to do?
I believe that this strategy needs to be soberly appraised.
We need to review it again.
How should our embassies in Pakistan receive people who apply to be allowed to come to our countries?
I have heard it said that they are sometimes treated like criminals.
I am pleased to see that we are seeking an Echo office in Afghanistan, something which should be reiterated.
We must also give our support to the Christian organisations that are working in Afghanistan.
There are Christian organisations that are doing an incredible amount for the Afghan population while maintaining a low profile.
They, too, need our support.
These are some of the measures that are needed.
We cannot get any further by condemning matters time after time.
One feels really powerless.
We need a more intelligent policy in this sphere.
I think that our experience in areas close to home has shown that a presence in the country can also yield good results and, above all, has a humanitarian basis.
Mr President, the dubious honour of holding the world record in human rights abuses goes to the Taliban regime in Afghanistan.
A few weeks ago, as previous speakers have mentioned, the statues of Buddha at Bamiyan were destroyed and radicalism continues to gain ground.
Women are not even allowed to take part in the distribution of bread under the UN world food programme.
They are no longer allowed to play leading roles, and the work of international organisations is being hugely obstructed.
Men must wear a fez and grow a beard, thieves are maltreated and their hands are chopped off in public as a deterrent.
Commissioner, we call on the government of Pakistan to refuse this regime any form of support, be it financial or moral.
Almost nothing has come of earlier promises to destroy poppy fields and opiates.
Last Wednesday, German customs seized six kilos of heroin and 64 kilos of hashish worth EUR two million in a container from Afghanistan.
Drug dealing is used to fund campaigns by religious fanatics and international terrorism.
Bid Laden is still in Afghanistan, feted instead of extradited.
Even chess and the flying of kites have been banned as un-Islamic, though there are many Islamic scholars who would contest such interpretations of the Koran.
Until recently the focus has been on ensuring that Muslims behave in accordance with Islam.
However, in March, following a takeover of the Taliban by a hard-line faction linked to bin Laden, the extraordinarily beautiful 5th-century Buddhist statues in Bamiyan were destroyed with dynamite.
I am not suggesting that direct intervention in the country which defied the Red Army is either appropriate or feasible.
Moreover, intervention in the internal affairs of other states by outsiders can often exacerbate and prolong a conflict, as may have happened in the Balkans.
It may be that we simply have to wait for things to burn themselves out.
Nor should it be forgotten that there is peace of a kind in most of Afghanistan now.
Mr President, I shall deal first of all with the debate on the situation in Guatemala.
The Commission is closely monitoring the situation there.
The EU has been very supportive of the peace process in Guatemala, both politically and financially.
The cooperation programme with Guatemala is aimed at giving adequate support to the peace process.
The Commission has assisted civil society and state organisations, with the aim of contributing to the reconciliation process in the country.
At the same time the Commission is preparing a programme to improve the justice system.
The Commission and Member States have also used the regular political dialogue with Guatemala to reiterate the importance of respecting human rights.
The Commission is also closely monitoring the situation in Chad, after the announcement by the National Independent Electoral Commission of the result of the presidential election of 20 May.
The calmness of the population on polling day and the high turnout demonstrated a civic commitment which should be praised.
According to international observers the voting procedures conformed to legal regulations, but there were organisational deficiencies.
A statement from the observation mission reported that opposition candidates listed certain instances of irregularities and fraud which they said had marred the vote.
On 12 June the Constitutional Council announced the official election result confirming that Idriss Dby had won a second term in office with 63% of the votes.
The Council reportedly rejected the vote in some polling stations.
The situation is being closely monitored by the EU heads of mission on the ground.
In the spirit of Article 8 of the Cotonou Agreement, the Commission will continue its ongoing political dialogue with Chad.
Chad has been engaged in a democratic process for the last ten years.
This effort is leading to greater human and civil rights protection.
However, it is recognised that these rights and liberties are not sufficiently respected by all actors.
It will be essential to address these issues in order to ensure sustainable peace in the country.
The ninth EDF country support strategy, which is at the final preparation stage, contains an important programme of support for civil society, including human rights organisations.
The recent sentencing of the well-known human rights and pro-democracy campaigner, Professor Saad Ibrahim, and his colleagues has aroused widespread interest in the international community.
The case against Professor Ibrahim and his 28 co-accused at the Ibn Khaldun and HODA centres has been closely followed by the European Commission and Member States.
Support for civil society is also an integral component of the Barcelona Process and is an explicit objective of the Barcelona Agreement of 1995, to which Egypt is a signatory.
The charges also claimed the misuse of EU funds allocated to the Ibn Khaldun and HODA pro-democracy programmes.
In answer to Mr Purvis's question in particular, I should stress that in 1999 the Commission received satisfactory progress reports from both projects regarding a satisfactory and independent financial audit.
The Egyptian authorities have so far provided no evidence or information to support their charges related to the projects financed by the EU.
There have been EU observers present throughout the trial and the EU has always made clear its expectation that due legal process and justice would prevail.
It has scrupulously avoided any intervention that might prejudice that expectation.
The sentencing gave rise to an oral statement by the Commission on 23 May and a Presidency declaration on 25 May expressing deep concern.
The European Commission is continuing to monitor the case closely.
The court is obliged to give its reasons within one month of sentencing, and these will be read with interest.
There are also limited possibilities for an appeal.
The legal process is not finished, and it is to be hoped that the final outcome will reflect the best traditions of the Egyptian legal system.
The Egyptian authorities are well aware of international interest in the case and of the implications of a final conclusion that is perceived as being unjust.
Nawal el Saadawi, the well-known feminist writer, was charged with apostasy, but the Prosecutor-General threw out the charges on 23 May.
However, this does not appear to be an end to the matter, and charges may yet be pressed in another court.
The situation is being carefully monitored by the Commission.
The Ibrahim and Saadawi cases have both raised issues of real concern, although further legal steps and the possibility of a sensible outcome remain open.
The overall situation is complex and not entirely clear.
The Commission is deeply concerned at these events, which it considers contrary to established democratic practice.
They reinforce concerns already expressed in the past regarding the general human rights situation in Malaysia.
The Commission, like Parliament, is deeply disturbed by the ever-worsening humanitarian and political situation in Afghanistan.
On the humanitarian front, the Commission continues, together with other partners, to provide assistance to vulnerable groups and populations inside Afghanistan and to refugees in neighbouring countries.
This assistance is given throughout the country to areas of greatest need, where access and security permit.
This is in line with the EU common position on Afghanistan, which sets the objective of providing effective humanitarian aid on the basis of an impartial needs assessment.
On the political front, Commission representatives, acting as part of the EU troika, have sought to persuade the two factions in the current conflict to promote a peaceful solution.
The EU troika, consisting of its ambassadorial representatives based in Islamabad, recently visited Kandahar and Faizabad to explain the EU's common position on the Taleban side.
They noted a reluctance to consider new peace initiatives.
The EU, with other partners, is currently looking at how best to promote a process of engagement.
Two things are clear concerning the future of Afghanistan.
First, outside involvement in the conflict in Afghanistan can only prolong the fighting.
This applies to the support given to either side by third countries, which are pursuing their own agendas and their own national interests.
Secondly, a military solution to the Afghan imbroglio is not possible.
The history of the country shows clearly that no one faction can ever impose itself and its political and cultural philosophy on the whole country.
I might reinforce that, particularly in response to what Mr Dupuis said, by drawing attention to the fact that the Commission does not provide aid to factions.
It is delivered to vulnerable groups and populations according to need and where access and security conditions permit.
Given that the Taleban control 90% of the territory of Afghanistan, it is obvious that much of the EC's aid will be delivered in Taleban-controlled areas.
For these reasons the EU maintains an arms embargo covering the whole of Afghanistan and continues to call for a halt to third country interference.
The EU, at the same time, supports the peace efforts of the UN and stresses the need for a broad-based government in the country.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Nepal
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0426/2001 by Olivier Dupuis and others, on behalf of the TDI Group, on the situation in Nepal;
B5-0428/2001 by Gerard Collins, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the aftermath of the massacre of the royal family in Nepal;
B5-0435/2001 by Reinhold Messner and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Nepal;
B5-0443/2001 by Luigi Vinci, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in Nepal;
B5-0460/2001 by Thomas Mann and Charles Tannock, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Nepal;
B5-0469/2001 by Jean-Claude Fruteau and Pedro Snchez Aparicio, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the situation in Nepal.
I think that the role of this delegation is crucial.
The destabilising forces at work today in Nepal are very strong and I think we would be unwise to underestimate them.
I would like to add one last thing concerning the Commission. This Parliament has been calling for the opening of a full delegation in Nepal for years.
I think that the recent events there are, sadly, even further justification for the opening of such a delegation.
Mr President, following the tragedy in Nepal, which wiped out almost the entire royal family, this tiny kingdom in the Himalayas is now threatened with civil war.
The facts on today's Nepal.
Nepal is about the same size as Switzerland and Austria put together.
Twenty-two million people live there and, if you think that a large part of the country is highly mountainous, then these people do not have a great deal of space.
The flat land is overgrazed, the forests have all been cut down and ecological meltdown threatens.
There are hardly any schools, hardly any infrastructure and corruption is rife.
Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world and its only source of income is tourism.
What this country needs now is enlightenment.
These people also need our solidarity, they need hope and suggestions.
Tourism must not run dry, which is exactly what will happen if there is a civil war.
We must bring our values of transparency, democratisation and hope to this country.
We must not abandon this country, which has so many friends in Europe.
Mr President, the death of the Nepalese royal family rocked the world.
We would like to tell the people of Nepal that they have our solidarity.
King Birendra, whom I met once as Vice-Chairman of the SAARC delegation, was very popular and very well liked.
The tragedy in the royal palace in Kathmandu, in which King Birendra, his wife Aishwarya and other members of the family died, leaves a vacuum.
The curfew and the ban on meetings can only go some way towards calming the situation; there have already been quite a few violent attacks.
So if a delegation is to take part, it must be the SAARC delegation of the European Parliament.
The Maoist underground rebels have tried to grab this opportunity to destabilise the country still further.
The government and the opposition must finally realise that they have to meet each other half way and reach some sort of consensus.
They must remove the conditions in which terrorism and subversion thrive and that requires a common approach, not personal ups and downs.
This agreement is an excellent basis, as acknowledged by the European Parliament several years ago.
Indeed, behind the drama a political process has been brutally called into question.
A link of confidence between the political class and its people has been broken.
It is a significant change in the balance of power in a region where instability reigns.
The European Union attaches great importance to respect for human rights and to democratic principles.
We must therefore roundly condemn the repression and arrests which followed the death of the king.
The Commission is dismayed by the dramatic events that are shaking Nepal.
It understands the state of shock of the Nepalese people at the deaths of a beloved monarch, symbol of unity and continuity, and of many members of the royal family.
As of today the situation remains volatile.
This development took place against an already turbulent situation in Nepal in recent months, as a consequence of political paralysis and the constant threat from the Maoist insurgents.
In this context the Commission deplores the arrest of three Nepalese editors of the Kantipur newspaper.
As you know, the Commission has consistently supported Nepal in its quest for social and economic development.
The EC has granted EUR 160 million in cooperation assistance since 1977, and the current rate is around EUR 50 million a year.
Our commitment stands firm.
We are also ready to bring to our cooperation a new dimension, taking into specific account aspects of governance.
However, in the present circumstances we believe it is necessary for the dust to settle before proceeding with any further concrete action.
It should be published before the summer break.
The joint debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Situation in Angola
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
B5-0432/2001 by Nelly Maes and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Angola;
B5-0444/2001 by Joaquim Miranda and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0445/2001 by Jos Ribeiro e Castro, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the situation in Angola - civil society building peace;
B5-0453/2001 by Bob van den Bos, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0461/2001 by Carlos Coelho and Arlindo Cunha, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the situation in Angola;
B5-0470/2001 by Mrio Soares and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the situation in Angola.
Mr President, this is the umpteenth time we have discussed Angola.
The war has been going on for twenty-five years; and again we are about to vote on a resolution.
Surely we must ask ourselves the question whether sufficient efforts are being made for peace.
I welcome the fact that the Swedish Presidency has applied itself to this question and provided a declaration.
This is a war that is fed by a stream of smuggled diamonds and oil: sufficient to buy vast quantities of arms and hold the civilian population hostage.
I consider this war to be making a mockery of our civilisation.
Of course we welcome the fact that statements have recently been made both by President dos Santos and by the leadership of UNITA expressing the intention to start a dialogue.
However, we see that the civilian population is being harassed time and time again.
There are the kidnappings by a new movement, again calling itself a rebel movement. There are the new minefields.
What cynicism!
Our final vote will of course depend on the direction this vote takes.
That was not our intention.
Our intention is to contribute to peace, because at last consistent signs are coming from Angola that some lasting change may happen in that country.
That is the major piece of news of the last few months.
It is these signs that we are turning to, to point them out, embrace them and encourage them.
We do not want just to cry over more deaths or lament further destruction.
Let us listen to the Angolans.
They know more and better than we do.
Inclusive because the spirit of including everybody is a precondition for reconciliation, and because without true reconciliation to restore confidence there will be no peace.
The Angolans want peace.
Let us listen to the Angolans, let us trust that internal mediation and the energy of the civil movements can succeed where international mediation has failed.
These are the voices we must listen to.
We must recognise their features, learn their names, publicise their faces, shake their hands.
We have to stop this monopoly of the bipolarisation of war.
These are the ones who can teach us a lot.
Angola is still suffering, but it does not have to be like that.
This Angola of peace hopes that we will be able to send out new, different signs to the new signs with which it is challenging us.
Mr President, everyone - in Finland at least - has probably played a game called Star of Africa.
My friends, I truly believe that we are beginning to see signs of a more intelligent policy in respect of the monitoring of resources.
I therefore strongly support what Mrs Maes has stated, namely that it is this way we must choose in order to move forward.
We need to introduce similar work that is just as ambitious.
It is interesting to note that many who speak Angola' s language are speaking today.
I also believe that there are many amongst us who have a bad conscience concerning what we said about Angola in the past.
We have all in our own way contributed to the tragedy.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Angola is still suffering from war, destruction and the senseless, shocking loss of human lives.
We condemn the use of war, and we condemn most especially inhuman attacks on defenceless civilians, women and children, attacks that nothing can justify.
Several times over the years this Parliament has pronounced on Angola and has criticised attitudes and behaviour.
We recall these deliberations, which we uphold and support and which the compromise resolution upholds, recalls and supports.
Just as we remember the United Nations deliberations on the conflict and we do not deny that the various sides have different responsibilities.
We must tell the people of Angola and the political leaders that the international community is willing to collaborate in the search for peace.
There is no military solution to this conflict.
The General Affairs Council said so at its meeting on 11 June in Luxembourg.
Today it is the European Parliament' s turn to affirm it on behalf of the peoples of Europe.
The situation of Angola is a tragic situation.
Angola is a devastated country, which has experienced twenty-six long years of civil war without a break.
That is, since independence on 11 November 1975 there has been a civil war in Angola, and it is still going on.
The war can only end through negotiation among those that wage it and through pressure from Angolan civil society, which is at last emerging.
This is the pressure that we must support, both the European Union as a whole and this part of it which is the European Parliament.
We do not agree and we have proposed an oral amendment which might be a compromise.
This oral amendment would condemn all massacres from whatever source, because there is not just the Cachito massacre but also the massacres that have happened recently, for example, in Cabinda.
For that reason we are going to vote on this proposal for a resolution as it has been drawn up and not with the amendments that have been suggested.
It seeks to promote the strengthening of democratic institutions and the improvement of human rights, the rule of law and justice, and a more transparent management of public finances.
The Commission expresses its grave concern at the lack of safe access for relief agencies to people in need.
The joint debate is closed and that concludes the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Civil emergency protection
In recent years, disasters that have often been wrongly termed 'natural' have had serious consequences for people, for the environment, and for both natural and cultural heritage.
This mechanism therefore has to be very welcome.
The four priority types of action under this mechanism are: prevention of accidents, rapid reaction capability, response in emergency situations, and recovery measures in the event of a disaster.
In the other countries the civil protection service is more centralised.
Therefore it is vital that there should be a rapid, effective mechanism of this kind.
What perhaps is just as vital as this need for rapid communication and coordination is for citizens to be trained and educated to protect themselves.
Giving these people the slightest amount of training would be of great help in tackling these disasters.
We just have to remember what happened with the Erika on the French coast and other disasters of this kind.
There is no need, I think, to enumerate yet again the numerous natural, technological and environmental disasters which have occurred over recent years.
The honourable Member has just mentioned one which caused very serious damage in several Member States and neighbouring countries.
The citizens of Europe have expressed their concern and made clear that they expect the Community to take specific action to guarantee efficient civil protection in an emergency.
Parliament too has called on the Commission to take initiatives in this area in a series of resolutions.
May I say, as regards the results of Parliament's work, that the Commission agrees wholeheartedly with many of the proposed amendments because they improve the Commission's proposal considerably.
We are therefore able to accept 35 of the 46 proposed amendments in full, in principle or in part.
This proposed amendment could give rise to a certain amount of confusion and the risk of duplicating the ECHO programme.
The Commission would like to avoid this and has therefore rejected this amendment.
Then there is the need for immediate action at Community level in the event of deliberate marine pollution.
I refer here to Amendments Nos 1 and 13.
The Commission rejects Amendment No 17.
The references to the monitoring and information centre are a constructive contribution.
However, some of the wording is misleading and therefore needs to be revised or deleted.
The centre should be a tool for the Commission and the Member States, not an operator.
So, to summarise, the Commission supports Amendments Nos 3, 6, 9, 10, 11, 15, 18, 23, 25, 27, 31, 35, 36 and 38 to 41.
It supports eleven proposed amendments in principle, which are Amendments Nos 4, 7, 19, 22, 24, 26, 30, 32 to 34 and 37, but which need editing.
Finally, I must emphasise that our proposal is much improved thanks to Parliament's contribution and support.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
Classical swine fever
This legislation improves certain prophylactic rules, clarifies definitions and proposes the inclusion of the 'Diagnostic Manual' as an annex to the Directive.
Several amendments to this document have been tabled which your rapporteur feels deserve some comment.
I would ask Mr Mulder, who is present, whether the Dutch will be able to control German farms or whether the Germans will control Dutch farms.
I do not think either side will agree to this.
Amendment No 35, tabled by Mr Mulder, goes against both my feelings and the spirit of the report.
We would in principle be unable to export, and anyway this news in the press would ruin the industry.
Fresh meat from vaccinated animals carries the virus and may infect healthy animals that feed on swill containing it.
I therefore cannot accept Amendment No 35.
As for Amendment No 36, also tabled by Mr Mulder, we again come up against the subject of co-financing, and I am also against it.
These two amendments go a little beyond what I could have imagined, since in my country the use of swill has been banned for more than twenty years.
I therefore understand that both Amendment No 33 and Amendment No 37 are acceptable because they may lead us to a more realistic solution to the animal feed control problem.
Mr President, this is a comprehensive report and I congratulate Mrs Redondo for the great deal of work that she has put into it.
We happened to be in one of those meetings on Tuesday 20 February this year, the very day the first outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the UK was reported.
As you can well imagine, this brought our meeting to an abrupt halt.
Indeed, it is partly because of foot-and-mouth disease that I wish to direct my remarks to the question of feeding catering waste or pigswill to pigs.
I know that my colleagues from Germany and Austria have serious reservations about the proposal to ban such material from being fed to pigs throughout the EU.
Amendment No 37 seeks to achieve a similar objective.
I would ask the House to reject both these amendments this evening.
In the UK we had stringent controls of swill feeding in place.
Of course you cannot legislate for human behaviour, however.
We have now banned swill in the UK entirely.
I urge the House to do the same across the whole of the EU.
The parallels between swine fever and foot-and-mouth are obvious; in the case both of foot-and-mouth and swine fever, the Community decided in the past to pursue a policy of non-vaccination.
However, the scale of the foot-and-mouth crisis has demonstrated that an unreserved policy of non-vaccination belongs on the test bench.
I do not mean that we should resort to blanket vaccination in future.
Killing infected stock, stamping out, must continue to be the mainstay of the strategy to combat these diseases.
However, greater importance should be attached to vaccination.
We should not, in my view, stand still on the question of vaccination; instead we should develop a strategy of comprehensive zoonosis prevention mainly for use during disease-free periods.
This could include stricter controls on third country imports, controls at airports and quarantining new additions to livestock.
Another important point is the principle of regionalisation.
The Commission must act very quickly here and negotiate with EU trading partners in order to implement this principle.
The European Union already applies this principle to third country imports.
Now third countries must return the favour.
Marker vaccines are very important here, as the rapporteur has clearly highlighted.
We should support the proposed amendment by the Greens which still allows leftovers to be used but subject to stricter conditions.
Mr President, I should like to thank the rapporteur, because I learned something from her report, which is always very pleasant.
In addition the report points out the necessary modification of the guidelines.
Of course we must bring swine fever under control, but extermination methods that require mass slaughter are no longer really accepted by public opinion.
That is a problem.
I myself come from Flanders.
It is a densely populated region and there are even more pigs than people.
That means that we ourselves are dramatically confronted with that problem.
I must honestly admit that in that respect I do not trust the industry.
The report has nevertheless convinced me that there has been a remarkable development in marker vaccine.
Therefore in my view it can easily be declared ready for use so that it could be used on a much wider scale than solely in emergencies.
In any case the guidelines should provide regulation that makes mass culls unnecessary.
Mr President, Commissioner, a lot of attention is being paid to pigs this week.
Unfortunately the discussion of the Redondo Jimnez report is ending in an anticlimax.
On Monday the Swedish Minister spoke on animal welfare, including tightening welfare regulations for animal transport.
This morning we voted on the Busk report, in which we are trying to improve the living conditions of pigs in great detail.
This Parliament speaks with two voices!
One for the consumer and his feeling for animal welfare and one for the economy and trade, which must not be allowed to suffer from the outbreak of a disease.
As part of the preparation of this report I should have like to see Mrs Redondo driving around the Oene region, the foot-and-mouth triangle in the Netherlands.
It would have struck her that almost every field carries a poster reading: 'EU, vaccinate now!'
I have argued more than once in this Parliament that animals are more than production units.
They are creatures made by God, for whom we have responsibility.
Norms and values apply not only in church but in the sty too.
Until 1980, vaccination was commonplace in the European Union.
In order to meet the trade, the non-vaccination policy was implemented.
In the 1997 outbreak of swine fever in the Netherlands, thousands of healthy pigs had to be destroyed and then too there was a call for vaccination.
When will this Parliament start listening to its citizens?
There is a vaccine available that makes it possible to distinguish vaccination from infection.
There are still some drawbacks associated with those vaccines, but are there none associated with the mass destruction of animals?
Infectious animal diseases, like swine fever, show the weaknesses of current agricultural policy.
It is wrong that organic farming and extensive animal husbandry should be proposed as the solution.
These forms of agriculture are not less susceptible to livestock disease, on the contrary.
Because of the high level of enclosure in intensive livestock farming, these businesses are precisely less susceptible to infection.
That is not to say that organic farming does not have desirable aspects - its small-scale nature has many advantages.
A combination of the small-scale structure of organic farming and the enclosure of intensive livestock keeping is a key for the future.
For production we must abandon large-scale mobility and switch to more enclosed operations, no longer with international, but with regional circuits.
Mr President, may I add my congratulations to the rapporteur for a very welcome report.
Swine fever, like foot-and-mouth, does re-emerge from time to time in different Member States throughout the European Union.
Unfortunately, the only way of controlling it, at the moment, is by large-scale slaughter of animals, many of which are free from disease.
To date, we have not been able, as has already been said, to develop a marker vaccine capable of controlling the disease.
I find it very hard in this modern day and age to understand why we have not made greater progress.
You need only look at everything we have at our disposal, and at the costs incurred in this senseless slaughter of thousands of innocent animals.
We heard this week that in the United Kingdom for every one proven case of foot-and-mouth, animals have been slaughtered on five or six farms around that case.
The cost, not only to the Exchequer and to the European Union, but the real cost of the loss of these animals, is enormous.
The agriculture industry certainly does not need anymore bad publicity and I support Mr Stevenson's position on the amendments put forward by Mr Mulder.
It is all very well to speak of stringent controls, but you cannot guard against human failure.
I understand that it will be very difficult and take time to secure agreement between all the parties involved - our trade partners and everyone else.
But we must begin and we must put down a marker now.
We must never again go through what we have just witnessed, be it with swine fever or with foot-and-mouth.
There has to be a better way.
The people of the European Union are demanding this.
Many farmers demand that there has to be a better method of control.
It is incumbent upon us to find a better way rather than witness the senseless slaughter we have recently seen.
No one can convince me that we have got it right at present.
I do not believe we have.
We have made mistakes and we should recognise those mistakes and put those mistakes right sooner, rather than later.
Thank you, honourable Members.
The proposal also takes account of the development of new diagnostic tools and vaccines, and of the opinions given by the Scientific Committee on these issues.
This House is well aware that in 1997/1998, a major outbreak of classical swine fever occurred in several Member States.
The Commission has immediately taken a decision, in full consultation with the Spanish authorities, to impose restrictions on exports from this region.
This decision will be reviewed at a meeting of the Standing Veterinary Committee, scheduled for this week.
The decision taken today has immediate effect until 30 June and will be reviewed in the meantime.
Before standing up in this debate, I had a brief telephone conversation on this matter with the Spanish Minister for Agriculture.
A single farm is concerned, and I am happy to say that he informed me that all of the animals moved from that farm before confirmation had been slaughtered.
However, we must remain particularly vigilant in relation to this issue.
The situation will need to be followed up very closely, and I will be happy to keep Parliament informed of developments.
Returning to the current proposal, and marker vaccination in particular, the Commission financed specific trials and research projects.
Clearly, their use can only be envisaged in an emergency situation and once laboratory tests are available to discriminate between vaccinated and infected animals.
Here I must emphasise the importance of the efficacy of the tests, as distinct from the marker vaccinations themselves.
Encouragingly, Parliament's Agriculture Committee, the Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions and the Member States, largely support the Commission's approach to this sensitive issue.
This contrasts with the situation a few years ago, when quite different opinions were expressed by the experts themselves.
This reminds us of the importance of scientific investigation, so that informed answers can be given to technically complex matters such as this.
The report of Madame Redondo largely supports the main aspects of the Commission proposal and of course, I am obviously very pleased about this.
However, allow me to address in detail the amendments, which have been proposed.
I will begin with the amendments the Commission cannot accept.
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 2 to 5, 26, 28 and 30, as they go beyond the scope of this directive.
I understand that the recent FMD crisis has prompted Parliament to raise some horizontal problems related to animal health, which certainly need to be addressed.
I share the concern of the Parliament.
But these complex issues cannot be addressed in this directive.
I have already informed this Assembly that the Commission will address those issues before the end of the year in a separate legal framework.
The Commission cannot accept this amendment, as such decisions must be taken on a case-by-case basis.
The legal basis for doing so already exists in the framework of the common market organisation for pig meat.
This mechanism demonstrated its efficiency and there is no need for further legal provisions in this regard.
Amendments Nos 20 and 21 concern the role of different authorities in the control of classical swine fever in wild boar.
Their co-ordination must be guaranteed to ensure proper eradication.
Amendment No 23 concerns the introduction of an article on the potential use of marker vaccines.
As I have already said, the Commission and Parliament agree on this important issue.
The Commission however cannot accept this amendment, as its proposal already includes comprehensive provisions on marker vaccines.
However, we will take into account Parliament's remarks in a new recital.
Amendments Nos 20 and 29 concern the legal status of the classical swine fever diagnostic manual, which the Commission intends to adopt.
After the adoption of this directive, following the opinion of the Standing Veterinary Committee, the report suggests including this manual as part of the directive itself.
The Commission feels that this could create confusion from a legal point of view and thus cannot accept these amendments.
However, some modifications will be introduced in the text to reinforce the concept but the manual must be an essential part of Community legislation on swine fever.
Amendments Nos 24 and 25 note the need for some transitional provisions on contingency plans, which are indeed already in Article 28 of the proposal.
While the Commission shares the views of the Parliament, it cannot accept these amendments.
On the other hand, the Commission can accept entirely or partially, a number of amendments.
In these cases, drafting changes are also needed.
In summary, the Commission can accept the following amendments in full or in part and subject to necessary drafting changes: Amendments Nos 1, 9-11, 14, 19, 27, 31 and 32.
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 2-8, 12, 13, 15-18, 20-26, 28-30 and 33-37.
To conclude, ladies and gentlemen, I wish once again to thank Madam Redondo and the Agriculture Committee for the excellent report and their support.
Thank you, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
EEC/Comoros fisheries agreement
The number of vessels authorised to fish is set at 65: 40 tuna seiners and 25 surface longliners.
There is an increase in the overall number of vessels, which goes up from 60 to 65.
Of these, the tuna seiners correspond to the following countries: France, 21;
Spain, 18;
Italy, 1.
As for the surface longliners, most are Spanish with a few from Portugal.
The main change in this section concerns the structure of this financial contribution.
That means there is greater effort, so to say, in the development contribution to the detriment of the purely commercial aspects.
The cost distribution of the agreement is also changed.
The Community budget appropriation is cut by 2.7% and in exchange the shipowners' contributions are raised by 35%.
In real terms, the rate per tonne of catch goes up from EUR 20 to EUR 25.
This is a fair and balanced agreement, which brings together the various interests, and the various elements that are inevitably involved in this type of agreement.
Mr President, I should like to thank Mr Prez Royo for his report and the efficient conduct of business in committee.
He had our full support.
But we have some reservations.
I have no difficulty whatsoever with the need to develop the fishing ports that are, in many ways, hard-pressed through restructuring and depleted stocks.
But I have a serious problem about dealing with countries like the Comoros, which has a population of half-a-million people, and a GDP per capita of USD 700.
I cannot believe that these people have any capacity whatsoever to police their waters or in any way manage their stocks.
We are obviously sending - as the rapporteur pointed out - something like 65 vessels (mostly Spanish and French) into these waters.
These vessels catch 40 000 tonnes of fish.
How can anybody have any control over what they do or what they bring back?
I tend to believe that, to put it bluntly, this is a licence to plunder.
First of all, I would like a proper evaluation, as Mr Prez Royo requested, an economic evaluation and a cost-benefit analysis on behalf of the Union.
That is my main concern.
Nevertheless I support the report.
Mr Prez Royo represents the view of the committee on this.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
As there are no more items on the agenda, I shall adjourn the session for fifteen minutes before the vote.
(The sitting was suspended at 6.15 p.m. and resumed at 6.30 p.m.)
Relating to the President' s communication on the membership of the committees.
I shall let you be the judge of your remark, Mr MacCormick.
VOTE
In item i) the words must endorse are changed to did endorse (past tense).
This is because of the changed situation: it has already happened. We can therefore no longer do anything to change it.
Thank you, both your explanations are, therefore, technical amendments which are based on proven facts.
I accept the amendments tabled by Mrs Maes, but personally I will not be taking part in the vote on Chad because I think it does not go far enough.
That is your prerogative, Mr Sylla.
It will be noted in the Minutes.
So the first two technical amendments tabled by Mrs Maes have been incorporated.
As to the phrase she read out, that is an oral amendment.
Are there any objections to taking this oral amendment into consideration?
As there are none, it shall also be integrated.
During the vote on Afghanistan:
Mr President, we thought that there should still be a vote on one section of item 6, namely the last one.
No, Mrs Maes, we isolated the phrase. We voted in two parts and both parts were approved by the House.
Before the vote on Angola:
In the sixth paragraph there is mention of the existence of three million displaced persons as a consequence of the war in Angola.
The latest statistics and information gathered from international organisations and NGOs point at four million.
Therefore, if there is no objection, I should like to ask that the number be corrected: four million persons and not three million.
In any case, we are not going to start voting on the joint resolution.
First of all, there are two group resolutions which do not cover the entire text.
I suggest that you reflect on Mr Ribeiro' s proposal whilst we vote on the other proposals.
We will see if the House will accept the technical amendment tabled by the honourable Member.
On the vote on Angola:
"Condemns all the massacres against the civilian population perpetrated by the military forces in place" .
If agreed, this would replace Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4.
In fact, the proposal seeks to create a body within the Commission which will coordinate the actions in the Member States.
In any case, I feel that this proposal for a decision is to be supported, and I announce that my group will be voting in favour.
Redondo Jimnez report (A5-0143/2001)
. (DE) Classical swine fever is one of the scourges of the animal world in Europe.
The EU's vaccination policy is attracting more and more attention, especially since the last outbreak of foot-and-mouth.
If conventional vaccines are used, the stock affected must be totally isolated for long periods.
The situation would be different if we could use marker vaccines, which are currently being investigated and improved.
We must be able to distinguish between vaccinated and infected animals.
Mrs Redondo has presented a good, balanced report on the problem of classical swine fever.
I support the call for more research and development on vaccines.
Using marker vaccines would give us another very useful tool with which to fight the disease in areas with a high density of pigs, obviating the need for wholesale slaughter.
Hygiene plays a very important part in connection with disease.
Feedingstuffs must be prepared to strict standards which can and must be controlled.
I must explain, Mr President, why I cannot present explanations of vote.
My 86-year-old mother came to visit the European Parliament; she watched the whole sitting; she said, 'Good, Fatuzzo!
What a fine Parliament!
You speak a little too much, however.
You should not give so many explanations of vote.'
Mother will always be mother.
That is why I thought I should make her happy by not giving explanations of vote. Just for today!
(Applause and laughter)
Mr Fatuzzo, I think the applause shows just how much the House is amazed by the wisdom of your mother.
Adjournment of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
(The sitting was closed at 7.00 p.m.)
Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 14 June 2001.
Membership of political groups
I therefore propose to confirm these mandates.
I note that Mr Holmes is leader of the UK Independence Party.
I wonder whether that means that the UK Independence Party is now transferring in its entirety, or at least the two Members who are present here, to the other group.
I only have information about Mr Holmes.
Agenda
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday 28 June 2001.
Relating to Wednesday:
Madam President, I am sorry that I keep on having to repeat myself on the subject of Wednesdays, but the same deplorable state of affairs still exists.
As I see it, question time has again been deferred and shortened.
Every time I protest, I am told that this is exceptional.
The exception is now slowly becoming the norm because, by foolishly abolishing the Friday sittings, we have overloaded the Wednesday ones.
I would therefore ask you to ensure that, independently of the Friday issue - which we cannot now resolve -Wednesdays come fully into their own again.
In other words, a full one and a half hours should be set aside for question time, for the right to ask questions is a fundamental right of every parliamentarian.
Mr Posselt, I promise you that this will be the last time.
Unless the chairs of the groups decide otherwise.
(The order of business was adopted)
Speeches relating to procedure
Madam President, I would like to inform you once again of the difficulties of travelling to Strasbourg from the countries where we live.
I would like to make this extreme inconvenience known.
I realise that airlines have limits, but surely Air France could provide an aeroplane with more than 18 seats on the first day of the part-session, Madam President.
This is an obstacle to the work of this House.
Thank you for pointing this out to me, Mrs Napoletano.
As you know, we are doing all we can to improve the situation.
In any case, I think that there have been some improvements.
Madam President, there were no flights at all from Amsterdam to Strasbourg this morning.
The flight was once again cancelled.
I have drawn your attention to this on several occasions in this House.
The number of flights, which was originally three per day, has been cut down to two.
We then assumed that those flights would probably continue to operate, but Air France has once again decided to cancel the flights altogether.
I should like to draw your attention to this.
We all had to fly via Paris, Brussels or Frankfurt again, which meant that we were late arriving here, although we were at the airport before 8 a.m.
Thank you, Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, I can only say that I am sorry to hear this.
You have indeed pointed this out on a number of occasions, so please rest assured that I will try to do all I can to follow up this matter.
Madam President, I will be very brief.
I would just like to remind Mr Wurtz that Mr Milosevic was the force behind his political family.
My whole group and I fought, therefore, against him, in particular during the Yugoslavian conflict.
Well then, the task of a self-respecting European Parliament is to analyse this fact: whether Mr Milosevic is a criminal or not will be decided by an appropriate court.
Our task is to decide whether or not the autonomy of peoples is sacred and sacrosanct.
Madam President, in my view, we must welcome Mr Wurtz' s speech on conversion.
This constitutes genuine humiliation, and perhaps this would be enough to inspire our Greek friends to set about fighting to change this situation in their own country.
Madam President, on a point of order.
Otherwise Milosevic and company would have broken it up long ago.
We should concentrate now on supporting and helping it to survive in this present very difficult situation rather than confuse the issue with matters which are secondary.
Mr Dupuis is quite right.
How can we expect a country to have an identity when it is called by an acronym?
Let us please put an end to this nonsense.
Ladies and gentlemen, please do not subrogate to this nation by speaking on its behalf.
They personally agreed to this name at the United Nations.
Do not worry, a solution will be found and, anyway, that is not the problem.
Helping FYROM or Macedonia in its present state.
That is what Parliament should be doing.
Madam President, I wish to speak about pensioners and elderly people who are not self-sufficient, who have disabilities.
I want all the elderly people who need to, to be able to find a public or private home where they can receive assistance, in a situation of free competition.
I call upon you to make every effort to bring this about.
Resale rights
Madam President, I think this directive will be a success.
What we have here is a classic example of European work.
Parliament then required the Council to think in European terms at second reading, while the optimum demands were made on behalf of artists and auction houses.
Finally, a solution that everyone involved considered to be acceptable and satisfactory was found following tough negotiations with the Council and the Commission.
We have put European competition in the art market back on track, while auction houses and galleries in the EU are being given equality of opportunity.
We have improved social security for artists and their heirs, who have now also been uniformly guaranteed a financial stake in the increases in value of their works.
I therefore believe that we have, in this way, taken a first important step in the direction of more competition and more security in European art circles.
I must ask the House to approve the result of the negotiations.
Lastly, the resale right is a form of tax on financial speculation in the art world.
The rapporteur has said all that was necessary with regard to the compromise reached, which I personally supported.
In this compromise, the European Parliament made two essential gains:
This precedent would have been set at a particularly inopportune moment, at the very time when the Community is preparing for its enlargement to new members.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, having started in April 1997, we have now reached the third reading of the Resale Rights Directive.
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the members of the conciliation committee and Mr Zimmerling for their efforts.
But unfortunately, I shall have to adhere to my old point of view.
The vast majority of my group are still not happy with the proposal.
Should an artist' s heir be able to exercise his or her rights seventy years after the event?
I do not think so.
A sale implies that all rights and duties are waived, and that is what the financial compensation is for.
The suggestion to increase the minimum price to EUR 3 000 is an improvement.
Anything lower would seriously hamper budding artists.
This brings me to my next point of criticism.
Our main objection to this proposal is that it is diametrically opposed to the principle of subsidiarity.
The Commission has been unable to demonstrate that discrepancies in legislation in the Member States will, in the long run, have a direct, negative impact on the internal market.
The art market could, in fact, move outside Europe altogether, where this right does not exist.
Surely that cannot be the aim of the exercise.
It appears from the proposal that that is a problem.
Provision is made for all kinds of unnecessary exceptions.
Then there is implementation.
In addition to the red tape which is involved in keeping track of the different sales and purchases of a work of art, exceptions complicate the matter even further.
Artists do not welcome this either.
If the sale takes place between private persons, resale rights do not apply.
Would you not agree with me that the trade in art between private persons will experience a dramatic upsurge?
That is not the only example I could quote.
Finally, the directive does not offer all artists the same treatment, except in the case of sales via galleries and auction houses.
The directive is unclear and is not fraud-proof.
It is also superfluous, for there is no distortion within the internal market.
My group does not welcome legislation of this kind.
The citizen experiences this, in fact, as unnecessary interference from Brussels.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, further to what Mrs Sanders-ten Holte has said, it can be seen that there are two sides to every question.
A majority of members of visual artists' associations and representative bodies, with whom I have spoken during the last few years, now want to see European resale rights.
Even the majority of those in the art trade want to see common resale rights.
Politicians have been trying for years to negotiate a compromise acceptable to everyone.
Admittedly, the Council has not really striven for harmonisation but, rather, put together a framework with a number of ingenious loopholes.
In what was not so much a debate as a veto policy, the Commission, too, played its role, however, in making resale rights possible.
We have this paper, which can be improved upon, but it is precisely because we now have the paper that such improvements can be made.
Opponents should be somewhat more careful in their criticism rather than appear, as critics, to be all of the same mind.
It is they who assume the major risk.
They have a great many problems with the tax differentials, administration and insurance contracts.
They are scarcely allowed to take visual artists' work on commission. For the most part, they have to buy such works.
Nevertheless I will take this opportunity to put on record my party's opposition to this measure.
There is in fact a major market in the UK - mainly in London - and very little else in Europe.
Therefore, the major effect would be not so much to distort as to disrupt the UK market.
Secondly, such money as is collected will invariably go to the wrong people.
This does not exactly conform with the images of helping the struggling artist.
Thirdly, the law itself is cumbersome and will add considerably to the costs of art markets by adding a tier of bureaucracy and expense.
Many small firms will be excluded from low-value sales altogether, limiting the opportunities for new and aspiring artists to market their works.
Instead of helping artists, this will hinder them, and there will be fewer small firms left in business.
Who will then buy the works of unknown artists?
Altogether this is an ill-conceived, irrational and ultimately unnecessary piece of legislation.
The legislation itself will be the instrument which creates distortions in an otherwise satisfactory market.
As is so often the case, Parliament and the European Union should leave things alone.
On that occasion, I concluded by saying that the present basis for the decision was unsatisfactory.
I certainly think that the conciliation committee made a lot of changes to try to accommodate these reservations.
Moreover, the rapporteur is also to be congratulated.
A further deadline is cited by way of supplement.
This wording shows how sensitive the subject is and how various compromises had to be made.
We must ask ourselves if this goal has been achieved.
Thirdly, this is an undesirable development, however, since it would confine young artists within a world of consumer opportunities.
Fourthly, the tax could change the nature of competition in the art trade.
If this were to happen, there could be a real risk of migration.
These reservations are also shared by many in my country and in my parliamentary group.
That does not detract from the result of the conciliation, but I would ask you to understand that not everyone today is laughing.
Madam President, for reasons of equality, if nothing else, a right similar to copyright or other intellectual property rights is needed for intellectual works which can be reproduced ad infinitum.
And what we have created are resale rights for the figurative arts.
These rights are property rights because they vest economic rights and benefits in the artist.
However, they are property rights sui generis because they indirectly recognise the importance of aesthetic values while, at the same time, awarding artists a sort of honorary tax.
It is a fact of life that works of art cannot be bought and sold without the intervention of art dealers.
However, unlike the trade in consumer or other capital goods, the trade in works of art is not an end in itself.
The point about the art trade is that it disseminates aesthetic values and aesthetic messages.
But these messages cannot be disseminated without artists.
And while their contribution is unique, the works which they produce only gradually acquire a market value.
It is therefore wholly unfair for the dealer - who is no more than a middleman - to reap the full benefit of this value.
Besides, it is up to them to encourage artistic creativity.
That is why it is wrong that artists in certain countries do not recognise this right.
We therefore need to correct the mistake in the Berne Convention making resale rights potential rights.
The fact that certain countries insist on long transitional periods or on postponing the date of application does not flatter its supporters.
Europe, as the area of artistic creation and culture par excellence, must show third countries the right way forward.
Everyone stands to gain from this solution.
Mr President, we, the British Conservative MEPs, are not happy with this proposal.
We believe it is not necessary for the completion of the single market.
In practice we do not believe it will help financially those who need it most.
Indeed, there is some evidence it may actually make them worse off, as my colleague Mr Karas pointed out.
Those jobs are our jobs - Europe's jobs - and our businesses.
On balance, we believe it will damage rather than enhance Europe's economy and the position of its working artists.
In short, we believe it is an ill-conceived project which is against the best interests of Europe in general and the single market in particular.
I begin by expressing the thanks of the Commission to the rapporteur, Mr Zimmerling, for his report.
In particular, the Commission notes with pleasure that an agreement has finally been reached.
The resale right is going to be part of Community law.
It will allow artists to benefit from that right wherever their works are sold in the European Union.
That means that an end will gradually be put to the distortion of competition affecting the internal market in this area.
The directive will give the Commission a basis on which to act in order to promote recognition of the resale rights at international level.
The Commission has already committed itself to taking appropriate action in that direction.
But the Commission is still concerned by the long delays in application which may lead to 10 years elapsing before the directive is able to produce its full harmonising effects.
Thank you very much, Mr Bolkestein.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Better legal protection for accident victims
What are we proposing?
Secondly, the sum insured ought, in future, to amount to at least EUR 2 million, irrespective of the number of victims and the nature of the losses.
I have doubts, however, as to whether this amount will be sufficient.
In December 1998, a British judge decided the case of a Dutch student who had broken his neck in an accident and since been paralysed from neck to toe.
The court awarded the accident victim compensation of approximately GBP 9 million, some GBP 8 million of which related to purely financial loss.
In such cases, we need clear regulations in favour of the accident victim.
In future, compensation should be paid from the guarantee fund of the country in which the accident occurred.
Take, for example, the case of a Dutch hit-and-run driver who causes an accident in Italy with a vehicle stolen in Poland that has false German number plates.
Who is liable?
In future, it should be the Italian guarantee fund alone, which would obviously try to obtain redress.
Fourthly, the period for which a policyholder working temporarily in another Member State is protected ought, in future, to be increased to twelve months.
During this period, he ought neither to have to register a new address for his vehicle nor to have to effect a new insurance policy.
Those are only some of the proposals.
They are really there for the purpose of tying up loose ends.
At a later stage, we shall deal with the real problems of the future, i.e. reform of the compensation provided for non-material losses in the European Union.
We discussed this last year in Trier at the Academy of European Law: in other words, the protection of pedestrians and cyclists as vulnerable road users.
I consider that to be a modern concept.
The Commission should therefore set to work.
Insurance has to be as foolproof as we can possibly make it, because that is what consumers expect.
Many of us have dealt with constituency cases, because of problems or loopholes in insurance cover.
I just want to mention two areas specifically this evening.
The first is an important provision that not only benefits citizens, but also encourages in a practical way the development of the single market.
Their current home insurer is not allowed to provide that cover.
In Mr Rothley's proposals, they will be able to do that simply and easily.
Cover can be extended for 30 days to encourage citizens to go and exercise their rights in a single market and shop across borders.
That is something which the Commission, particularly the internal market Commissioner, Mr Bolkestein, will be pleased to support.
They will be able to take their car and its existing insurance cover for a period of up to 12 months, without any problems.
That is important.
We know from complaints received, certainly in my case, from UK citizens that it has not been easy for insurance companies to provide such cover.
Again, this is of practical benefit enabling citizens to exercise their rights in the internal market.
Mr President, firstly I want to make it absolutely clear that I have every sympathy with what our rapporteur wishes to achieve in taking forward this proposal.
As we have often noted before, motor vehicle accidents unfortunately touch the lives of far too many of our citizens as mobility across Europe grows.
The Fourth Directive made great strides in dealing with these problems.
However, I want to concentrate on the fact that the proposal "requires" Member States to implement in their national law the provisions relating to an improved compensation procedure.
Logically, yes, but does this way forward respect subsidiarity?
I am afraid not and this is an important point.
I have therefore retabled an amendment to make this merely a recommendation to Member States.
The point is that the issues raised here are a matter for national private civil law.
It would involve substantial changes in tort law in England and Wales, for example.
We would be putting motor vehicle accident victims in a class apart.
What about the victims of medical negligence, industrial injury or any other type of claim against insurers?
At present our committee is looking carefully at the harmonisation of civil law.
In that respect we have been rightly critical of a piecemeal approach, improperly researched.
I merely wish to make the point today that this proposal does, and must, involve a much bigger debate with tremendous implications for our respective systems of civil law.
It deserves proper and transparent treatment.
Mr President, Mr Rothley's own-initiative report is indeed most welcome at this stage in the evolution of the single market.
There is no doubt that the Fourth Motor Insurance Directive needs updating after 15 years in force.
This period has afforded us sufficient opportunity to assess the effectiveness of the directive in contributing to a genuine single market for motor insurance.
It is clear that there are a number of gaps remaining and that the insuree and the claimant still face certain difficulties which need to be addressed.
I thank Mr Rothley for his research in this area and for clearly identifying the areas in which the legal protection of accident victims can be improved.
As long as there is room for improvement in this area, it is incumbent on us, as European legislators, to push forward and bring about a better set of conditions.
While a certain amount of progress has been made, it is clear that a single insurance market does not yet exist.
This deprives consumers of the best that companies across Europe can offer in terms of choice, in terms of flexibility and, of course, price.
Motor insurance is a multi-billion euro business and further competition must be encouraged so that consumers can reap the benefits.
One glaring inconsistency in the motor insurance field is in the area of temporary residency.
Current rules often place consumers at the mercy of insurance companies.
This must stop.
The freedom to live, work or study abroad must mean just that - freedom - and not hidden barriers.
Having to re-insure and re-register can be such hindrances.
In my own country we currently have the shortest re-registration period, with only one day allowed.
It is frequently difficult for temporary residents to obtain local insurance cover at a reasonable price.
A one-year grace period during which the home country insurer would be obliged to continue cover is perfectly reasonable.
This would mean one less headache for citizens considering temporary residency in another Member State.
Mr President, Commissioner, the number of road accidents within the EU is unacceptably high.
That certainly applies to the tens of thousands who lose their lives on the roads and the hundreds of thousand who are injured in road accidents every year.
Certainly in those cases, but even if there is only material damage, the suffering should not be exacerbated by endless tugs-of-war with the insurance companies.
As cross-border transport, both in the freight and in the private sector, increases, so do the problems in obtaining motor vehicle insurance cover.
Mr Rothley has specified these in his report and, in doing so, has underlined the need for something to be done.
While number plates now bear the European emblem, indicating the Member State inside the circle of stars, in many cases the number plate provides no information.
As far as the minimum cover for legal liability is concerned, I share the rapporteur' s view that it is high time it went up.
Unfortunately, it seems that EUR 2 million will be needed in practice to cover the damages in virtually all cases.
I therefore support the appeal to the Commission in the draft resolution to send a proposal to Parliament this autumn.
This period may be brief, but the rapporteur has already provided the blueprint for the proposal in this report.
Mr President, I wish to begin by saying that the Commission regrets the absence of Mr Rothley this afternoon.
Therefore I know that Parliament has a special concern for the effectiveness of the insurance cover which protects millions of European citizens who may become involved in motor vehicle accidents.
The legislation was adopted last year.
That directive was also a remarkable development because it was the first occasion on which Parliament made use of its new powers under Article 192 of the Treaty.
The European Parliament now calls upon the Commission, in my person, to take further action in this field.
This time the object of Parliament's requests is not to fill a gap in existing rules but to modernise and reinforce the single insurance market in this area.
For that reason, and in consultation with Member States, industry and victim support groups, in 1998 the Commission started a comprehensive exercise to review our insurance directives.
That exercise is now at a very advanced stage, but has not yet been completed.
Thank you very much, Mr Bolkestein.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes
Mr President, I was struck today by an article in The Wall Street Journal; the subtitle read: "Why do America and Europe differ on the importance of consumer interests?"
It went on to say, from a US point of view: "when it comes to putting the consumer at the center of its economic model, Europe remains stubbornly old-fashioned."
E-commerce, of all types, still lags behind in Europe.
By 2005, 11% of US retail sales will be online, only 6+% in western Europe.
Our hope must be that this Commission initiative for a European Extra-Judicial Network will help build consumer e-confidence and force those European figures up.
We must be clear that this is an attempt to deal with a large number of low-value cross-border consumer disputes, outside the normal legal system.
Alternative means that almost replace the lower end of our traditional court systems will be introduced.
This is a very ambitious project, and such an exercise needs to be seriously undertaken and properly funded.
One of my greatest concerns about this initiative is its funding, both substantively and in terms of its publicity.
Our citizens know where their local courts are, but will they know how or where to access the EEJ Net?
From what I have seen, I am not over-optimistic.
Secondly, is the system coherent and efficient?
At the moment, progress is very variable in the different Member States.
The Commission must get tough in this respect, hence our suggestion of a service-level agreement with each clearing-house.
Only such an arrangement will ensure that our citizens get the service that they really deserve.
This brings me to the amendments.
We can happily accept Amendments Nos 2 and 3, but we have grave concerns about Amendment No 1.
Not to allow the clearing-houses to give legal advice flies in the face of reality.
Some of the centres already operating as Euroguichets, have trained lawyers on their staff.
They could not function without that.
We cannot offer our citizens a second-rate service.
Lastly, let us turn to the legislative method, ADR and the EEJ Net, are examples of soft law or co-regulation.
If this is the way of the future, it is important that Parliament be fully involved from start to finish.
For this reason consumer protection matters at least as much.
It comes in two forms.
First, it provides legal protection, and, secondly, it provides a means of enforcing that protection.
Hence we welcome this initiative to create a user-friendly, extra-judicial network across Europe.
Indeed we believe it should go beyond the physical limits of the Union since the Net is no respecter of national boundaries.
As is so often the case, the devil lies in the detail.
We look forward to seeing that detail and wish its progress well.
Mr President, Mrs Wallis' report is an important contribution to the debate on Community policy on out-of-court settlement of consumer disputes.
I also commend her recommendations to this House, and indeed share her concerns.
We all know from our own experience that lengthy and costly litigation through the courts is losing its appeal as a means to resolve disputes.
The notion that most people want judges, well-dressed lawyers and fine courtrooms as a setting to resolve their disputes is no longer correct.
People with problems, like people with pains, want relief and they want it as quickly and as inexpensively as possible.
The success of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms is beginning to create a cultural shift away from traditional litigation.
In a recent case in the UK, an eleven-month trial running into millions of pounds was replaced and resolved by mediation in a matter of days.
We see examples of this across Europe.
But if the single market is to grow, then we need to make it easier for consumers to shop across borders with greater confidence.
This will only happen if consumers can buy goods and services and be confident and secure that if problems arise they can be resolved easily.
Not in the first instance in court where the average cost for a cross-border case is EUR 2 500 and it takes between 23 and 29 months to resolve.
My own personal experience with Internet shopping has not inspired me with e-confidence.
After purchasing CDs from a renowned high street store, namely HMV, I received an incomplete order with a promise of further delivery.
Most reputable shopping sites ensure that money is not taken from an account.
Two months on I have still to receive outstanding items and my visa card has been debited the full amount.
Yet the value of these items is small and court redress would be costly and nonsensical.
Consumers are also increasingly tempted to buy even more expensive items across borders, like washing machines, fridges, financial services and cars.
ADR is a valuable way to access justice providing services and remedies which are appropriate to the cost of the item.
But it is not the panacea to all consumer disputes.
The consumer must still have the right to go to court as a last resort.
In the absence of an agreement directly with the trader or the trading site, the consumer should be encouraged to look at the benefits of ADRs.
It is vital, as Mrs Wallis, has said, that the consumer is aware and informed of this option.
In my own Member State, citizens advice bureaux are acting as a clearing-house.
Consumers who make claims have, therefore, a local point of access and information.
This is vital.
For consumers in the UK there is an even bigger bonus as a by-product of boosting confidence in crossborder shopping on the Internet.
We can shop in a larger market and often buy goods up to a third cheaper.
This has to be a benefit in what we call "rip-off Britain", by driving down high prices in our own over-priced internal home market.
Mr President, I have been a keen supporter of the alternative and out-of-court settlement of disputes for years.
Consequently, the alternative settlement of disputes has been included explicitly in a number of directives.
The internal market has given consumers the opportunity to expand their horizons enormously, and they no longer rely on what is on offer within the national market.
Certainly at a time when cross-border sales and purchases are increasingly being made via modern communications methods, the benefits of the European market are becoming apparent.
But the consumer may also be dissatisfied at times. This applies at Member State, as well as international, level.
In the case of cross-border purchases, the complaints procedure is much longer but, above all, also more laborious.
That is deplorable.
In the light of this, I welcome the Commission' s proposal with open arms.
I should also like to congratulate Mrs Wallis who has managed to pinpoint a few sore points in her report, with which I could not agree more.
Allow me to mention a few more key words with regard to the information desks to be set up.
These need to be simple procedures, a low threshold for the consumer who is looking for legal solutions and sound regulations governing the use of the consumer' s own language.
As for the latter, the Commission should reconsider how it intends to implement its plans practically speaking.
I should also like to know when the information desks will be set up in the different Member States.
The Netherlands plans to launch these in 2001.
In my opinion, the information desks should focus on the role of offering guidance to the consumer.
In that respect, I do not see eye to eye with Mrs Wallis.
The real legal advice must therefore be given by duly qualified people.
I also believe that the information desk should not, and cannot, act in the role of advocate, for then it would be responsible for the advice given.
In this connection, I believe that my amendment should be carefully re-read, also by the rapporteur.
We run too many risks when we start issuing them with legal tasks.
I speak from experience as Chairman of the Disputes Settlement Committees Foundation.
Mr President, it is very important that a framework is developed within the European Union in order to guarantee that the rights of consumers are protected at all times.
This entails putting into place systems which will allow the 370 million consumers of the European Union to access justice promptly, and to secure redress when consumer rights are infringed.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
This is why I welcome this communication, which seeks to put in place procedures to deal with out-of-court settlements of consumer disputes.
It is up to the 15 Member States of the European Union to implement the provisions of this recommendation.
Each Member State will have to put in place procedures which can deal with out-of-court settlements of consumer disputes.
Ultimately, these new structures will be able to help resolve cross-border disputes for aggrieved consumers within the European Union.
Such central contact points will explain to consumers to whom they may address their complaints and seek appropriate redress.
The central contact points will provide information and assistance with regard to the resolution of cross-border disputes within the European Union.
I would urge the European Commission to allocate substantial funds to ensure that this new scheme is widely publicised across the European Union.
If we want these new structures to be a success, wide publicity is going to have to be put in place.
In conclusion, Mr President, this proposal is only part of a range of measures implemented by the European Union to protect consumer rights.
Consumers need to be protected, both in the off-line world and in the increasingly important on-line world where consumers are purchasing many goods and services over the Internet.
A new information technology age has arrived.
We must ensure that consumers' rights are protected as these technologies continue.
I congratulate the rapporteur on this fine report.
Mr President, we wish we could be considering a perfect and polished Commission working paper on the settlement of consumer disputes, specifically those requiring cross-border solutions.
Mr. President, I am not only an advocate but a convinced advocate of the benefits of arbitration.
This largely comes from my experience of legal practice, both in the area of domestic law in my own Member State and in the area of international commercial arbitration.
In addition, this is a significant step forward in fulfilling the Tampere Council conclusions in providing better access to justice in Europe.
The continuing expansion of economic activity within the internal market means more and more that consumers' activities are not confined to their own country.
Member States, in close cooperation with the Commission, have already made substantial progress since this initiative was proposed in March last year.
The Commission is providing financial assistance for the start-up costs and will examine how best to provide further infrastructure and targeted support.
In addition, both Norway and Iceland have expressed their wish to participate and have been attending meetings with Member States' experts and with the Commission.
We are also examining how best the enlargement candidate countries can be brought into the network.
Much work has been completed with Member States' experts and with wider stakeholders to turn the network into a successfully functioning reality.
In particular, one result of this work has been a Memorandum of Understanding, setting out the minimum functions and operational guidelines for the clearing-houses, which is now close to finalisation.
This document marks an important step in ensuring coherent cooperation throughout the network.
Network cooperation is envisaged through regular meetings, the development of network strategies and continual review of the network to ensure constant improvement.
Uniform methods for collecting data on the performance of the network, for its evaluation and to identify specific consumer problems are also part of the plan.
The group of Member State experts meets tomorrow to finalise these details.
It is also provisionally agreed that the network should become operational on the 16 October of this year.
I see the EEJ Net initiative as a priority.
It will also be important for businesses in facilitating greater cross-border trade, particularly of course, for SMEs.
It will put the practical framework in place to allow the ADRs' potential for resolving cross-border disputes to be fully exploited.
Mr President, I should like to hear what the Commissioner has to say about the amendments.
Mr President, these are amendments to the excellent text that has been put forward by the rapporteur.
As they stand, I do not have any objection to them, in particular the first one which identifies the need to have access to legal staff.
That is desirable and included in our proposal.
The others seem to me to be perfectly reasonable.
For instance, Amendment No 3 makes reference to the involvement of the EEA states.
Some of them are already involved and we want more of them involved, including the applicant countries.
So the Commission fully supports this.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
COM in fruit and vegetables
The next item is the Commission statement on the common organisation of the markets in the fruit and vegetables sector.
Mr Byrne has the floor, on behalf of the Commission.
This resolution contains a number of very interesting points and the Commission has taken careful note of them.
As you know, the intention of this report has been to act as a platform for a wide-ranging discussion among Member States, the European Parliament and the sector.
Since January, the report has been on the agenda of the Council working groups and of the SCA meetings and has been discussed in the last Council.
In this context, the Commission welcomes the points raised in the resolution by Parliament.
In particular it supports the objectives of increasing the concentration of supply via producer organisations, reducing problems linked to operational programmes and improving the overall market regulation.
The Commission would like to reassure Parliament that it is fully aware of the need to continue to work urgently on several aspects of this report and your current resolution.
When this process of evaluation has been completed, the Commission intends to come forward with proposals to improve the COM where appropriate.
In conclusion, the Commission would like once more to thank Parliament for this resolution.
Thank you very much, Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen.
I should like, first of all, to thank the Commission for its brief statement.
I am sorry that the Commissioner responsible is not here, but I am very grateful to you, Mr Byrne, for joining us here today.
In order to prevent disruption to support for this sector, an extension was approved for the improvement plans for the year 2000.
This problem requires a decision, which can be implemented immediately by setting in motion support mechanisms replacing the current improvement plans as these come to an end.
Parliament has declared itself to be in favour of seeking a definitive solution for this sector, within the framework of the COM in fruit and vegetables.
They would therefore receive the same treatment that the current regulations give to actions undertaken within the industry or between trade organisations.
This is creating distortions in the sector' s financing.
In broad terms, these are the concerns of the Group of the European People' s Party and of a southern country, about the COM.
Thank you very much, Commissioner, for joining us today.
No solutions have been suggested for a sector which, in some parts of the European Union, is responsible for 25% of total agricultural output and provides the most employment.
Are you aware, Commissioner, that out of every EUR 6 received by a fruit and vegetable producer in southern Europe, only EUR 0.012 comes from the European Union?
Do you think that this can be called a genuine common organisation of the market or a real system of support?
Commissioner, please undertake the necessary reforms that will provide real and unequivocal support for fruit and vegetable producers' organisations.
Please propose solutions that put an end to the problems of the operational programmes and funds, the excessive bureaucracy and the harmful consequences of trade agreements with third countries.
Commissioner, let us not make things so easy for the United States, Turkey or China.
Let us protect our farmers and the nuts they grow, at least to the same degree to which these countries protect their farmers and crops.
For months now, uncertainty has reigned in the production sector.
The Commission has already ensured that we will not have fish and is now on the way to ensuring that we will not have tomatoes either.
In October last year, Parliament adopted a report which highlighted the fact that only 40% of produce is marketed through producers' organisations.
Consequently, at the time, we tabled a series of amendments designed to improve the effectiveness of the COM, including amendments to resolve the problem of nuts.
In that debate, the Commissioner, Mr Fischler, stated that, although he viewed many of the amendments sympathetically, these went beyond the scope of the proposal submitted by the Commission.
He also declared that since the Commission was due to present a report on the matter in a few months' time, it would submit proposals to this effect.
In January, the Commission presented a report on the operation of the COM in fruit and vegetables but, regrettably, did not follow this up with proposals.
The report in question is essentially descriptive.
It contains some very interesting information, which broadly concurs with the information contained in our report of October last year.
The difference between the two reports lies in the fact that the Commission' s report is merely descriptive whereas Parliament' s report provided assessments and proposals.
There are, therefore, two problems.
As regards the procedure, the problem lies in the fact that the Commission' s report contains no analysis or assessment.
There is no sense in Parliament presenting a report on supposedly well-founded statistical data.
We therefore need to assess and compensate for the effects of trade agreements being signed with third countries and we need to encourage the concentration of supply via producer organisations.
I do not wish to end without making a brief mention of nuts, because my fellow Members have focussed mainly on this issue.
If any matter is genuinely urgent amongst all the urgent matters of the COM in fruit and vegetables, it is to resolve the nut issue.
In October, Parliament also put forward definitive proposals on this matter in order to resolve the problems.
I therefore find it incredible that the Commissioner claims not to be aware of the proposals that Parliament has made repeatedly on this subject.
I would like to draw the Commission' s attention to the fact that this is happening far too often.
I say this to the Commissioner present, but in particular so that he may pass it on to Mr Fischler.
This is noted in the recitals which head the motion for a resolution which we are presenting on the occasion of this oral question.
There was also a commitment from the Commission to resolve this series of problems caused by the last reform of fruit and vegetables.
This is not reflected either.
Commissioner, you must be aware that the only aid not to have been given continuity by Agenda 2000 has been that intended for nuts.
I ask that the needs of this sector be responded to.
The common agricultural policy has not provided an adequate response to this problem.
Nuts, as the Commissioner knows, are a crop grown in parts of southern Europe, in arid and semiarid areas, where there are often few alternatives to dry farming.
One cannot even use the argument that this is an intensive form of farming that damages the environment.
It is also clearly crucial, as Mrs Ayuso Gonzlez and other Members have said, for cofinancing to be raised to 70%.
Support for the workings of the operational funds must be effective.
Thirdly, Commissioner, it is high time that we adopted permanent support measures for nut producers.
Why not consider direct aid?
If almost all sectors are given such aid, why should this sector, which is so poor and so marginalised within Europe, not be given support?
I hope that the Commission will rapidly submit the proposals that we are calling for.
We are all aware of the importance of this sector, of which previous speakers have painted a dramatic picture.
The facts of the matter, and the present economic climate which I referred to earlier are as follows, especially for our products.
So what are we proposing in order to help the Commission?
Their organisations fall short when it comes to pooling their products and competing with their own resources on this difficult market, as I mentioned earlier.
So I too am adamant.
We must vote in favour of this motion for a resolution and we want the Commission to respond to this concern on our part.
Mr President, a number of Members have raised the question why the Commission has not brought forward some proposals concerning the report.
The Commission is still in the process of listening to opinions and comments.
However, as I mentioned previously, the Commission's services are already well into the process of evaluating these opinions.
The comments of Parliament are, of course, included in this evaluation.
It is too early to say when any possible proposals and solutions might be presented.
The Commission cannot issue a calendar of any steps ahead.
Many factors are involved, including budgetary aspects and the need to harmonise future policies between market sectors.
I can, however, assure you once again that the Commission services are considering this issue as a priority.
It hopes to move as soon as possible to a situation whereby full discussions can be held with all interested parties in the fruit and vegetable sector.
In this context, the Commission is in the process of evaluating whether and to what extent some further support may be available.
This evaluation process is taking place in the wider context of the report.
In any case, any possible future support could only be envisaged if coupled with reconversion.
However, the policy of a one-year stop-gap extension of nut improvement plans does not seem, to the Commission, to be an appropriate way of addressing this particular issue.
The most needed adjustments to the 1996 reform were, in fact, ensured by the adoption in December last year of Regulation 2699/2000.
I would prefer to leave these questions to my colleague, Franz Fischler.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
I have received one joint motion for a resolution, pursuant to Rule 37(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon.
International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO): Air transport and the environment
The next item is the Commission statement on the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO): Air transport and the environment.
Mr de Palacio has the floor on behalf of the Commission.
I would like to say that the Transport Council of last April saw fit to support this strategy proposed by the Commission.
Ladies and gentlemen, there is one aspect which we can already say is likely to have a positive result at the ICAO Assembly.
I am, of course, talking about the constitution of the new Chapter 4, with a reduction of 10 decibels on the maximum emissions authorised in previous chapters.
This balanced management is based on four elements. Firstly, measures for the reduction of noise at source.
Secondly, rules relating to the occupation of land.
Thirdly, lower-noise procedures, which allow pilots to limit noise at the time of take-off and landing.
And, lastly, measures intended to limit the operations of aircraft from Chapter 3 which are the noisiest.
It is, above all, this last point which - as you know - presents the most difficulties in our discussions with the United States.
In order to facilitate an agreement within the ICAO on this point, we are holding parallel discussions with the United States and with the developing countries.
It should be pointed out that neither the ICAO nor, of course, the United States can ignore the problems caused by aircraft noise for many airports in densely-populated regions.
For others, however, the problem of noise is much less important.
We will therefore have to consider decisions - we are working on this - in which there is a certain flexibility, taking each airport individually.
Furthermore, this point is going to make it easier for us to reach an agreement with the United States.
That is why we are delighted that the Commissioner herself has taken the initiative and come to address Parliament and clarify the Commission's stance.
This is a matter of vital importance to the electorate which put us here.
There have been some developments, which the Commissioner has described for us and on which I should like to comment.
I must say that I personally have reservations as to whether these developments can bring about a positive result.
However, we must be resolute and we must demonstrate that Europe is on an equal footing with the United States of America.
And I trust that the United States will take the same approach and speak with one voice and not several voices as has been the case in the past.
We also need to clarify another point, i.e. that we are calling for an international solution because this is an international problem and international problems require international solutions.
We are here to talk.
We hope that they take the same view. Otherwise circumstances will force us, the European Parliament, to take unilateral action and adopt solutions already adopted by the European Parliament.
The 33rd assembly of the ICAO is an opportunity which we must make good use of and not allow to slip through our fingers.
I am left with a few questions.
Chapter 4 is sound, except for 10 db, which is excellent.
It appears that the re-certification or shifting of aircraft between categories has been regulated.
That is now ruled out, if I understand you correctly.
I welcome this.
We must at least ensure that it is impossible to make changes for the worse at any airport.
The situation must not be worse than it is at present at any airport.
But my question is, then, whether the agreements for classifying airports apply worldwide?
Who lays down the standards?
Does the European Union have a say in this?
Can we be stricter?
How do we go about this?
What is happening about competition between airports?
When we discussed Mrs Lucas' report, we then stated that competition was one of the key points.
Competition between airports at the expense of those living near airports and the environment is unacceptable.
Do you know yet how we will tackle this in the Union?
What will be the role of the local authorities?
You stated that that would be done via the Planning department, but that is typically a local power.
So how will you tackle this?
As you can see, I have quite a few questions.
Then there is the phase-out.
If I have understood correctly, we have not yet accomplished this, and airport classification should help solve that problem.
Should we not be somewhat more ambitious and introduce new aircraft onto the market more quickly?
What is the state of play on a uniform method of measuring noise?
I also have a question on air pollution.
You have said very little on this matter.
What is stipulated in the air pollution agreement?
One final question: what is happening with the directive on hushkits?
Is it being repealed?
Will you be making a proposal to revoke it, or will we simply retain it?
Have the Americans commented on this at all?
Does it or does it not form part of the package?
I am still left with a few questions, but I believe we are on the right track.
I hope that we can in any case find a solution in September.
Mr President, I very much appreciate the Commissioner's statement.
I believe we are all agreed that the forthcoming ICAO general assembly meeting is going to be a key one as far as aviation and environment are concerned.
As Mr Sterckx has said, I was the rapporteur for Parliament's response to the Commission's proposals on air transport and the environment last year.
You may recall that Parliament put a very strong emphasis on the need for a positive outcome from this ICAO meeting.
Let us recall just two key points of the context of those discussions.
First, air transport is growing at a phenomenal rate, with global passenger numbers due to double in less than 20 years' time.
Secondly, the current policy framework artificially subsidises aviation and therefore stimulates this growth still further.
Aviation fuel is not taxed, it is not subject to VAT and it is not covered by the Kyoto Protocol.
So what does Parliament expect from this ICAO meeting?
On noise reduction: at the Cape Working Group meetings over the past few weeks and months the EU has proposed phasing out Chapter 3 planes and upgrading Chapter 4.
That is a minimum requirement: to try to reach the target of noise reduction of, at best, -14 dBA, but at the very least, -10 dBA reduction at source.
If ICAO cannot do that, we will need to look at differentiation, as the Commissioner has said, in introducing operational restrictions on Chapter 3 at a number of noise-sensitive airports.
On emissions, we need concrete and efficient measures to reduce aircraft emissions, including not only voluntary measures but also emissions-related levies.
Aircraft should fulfil ambitious but feasible emission reduction targets.
If ICAO will not deliver then the EU will have to develop its own emission limits.
I very much regret that we are not able to have a Parliamentary resolution on this subject.
I believe a strong message from this Parliament could have strengthened the negotiating hand of the Council and Commission at ICAO.
Mr President, it is true that we need an international breakthrough in terms of the ICAO.
If we accomplish this breakthrough, I will be the first to extend my best wishes to Mrs de Palacio in this connection.
We must introduce modern, quiet aircraft which meet stricter noise standards, phase out noisy aircraft and, needless to say, reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
I wish the Commissioner great success in the negotiations.
Mr President, I very much appreciated the Commissioner's speech. She showed clear conviction and also a certain amount of grit and determination in such a sensitive matter as this.
Of course, it is not possible in the three minutes available to me to analyse the entire issue, so I will focus on just a few points.
Firstly: the improvement of aircraft.
With regard to the issue of competition between airports, it is undoubtedly necessary to give responsibility to local authorities as well.
Obviously, if there is little movement during the day, a small increase in noise levels could be acceptable in view of the almost ridiculously small number of planes passing through.
Therefore, it does not seem appropriate to complain about subsidies to the air transport industry.
Finally, I hope that, at the ICAO, the European Union will be able to achieve the goals and results that the Commissioner has set herself, irrespective of Parliament's resolutions.
Commissioner, please allow me firstly to begin more or less at the end: I wish you all the luck in the world at the next ICAO Assembly.
Please count on the support and backing of Parliament, and we hope that the European Union' s objectives on this issue are achieved.
We must achieve some concrete and quantifiable objectives.
And we must also achieve a timetable which makes realistic demands.
A second problem which I believe to be of concern is that of gas emissions.
I believe that we need sensible, concrete and totally efficient measures which will genuinely improve the environment and the quality of life.
The Sabena disaster just goes to show how thousands of jobs can be hit within the shortest period of time.
Finally, the costs that have to be borne by airline companies are also a decisive factor affecting ticket prices.
Ticket prices are very important for social, but not exclusively social, reasons.
The crucial problem when it comes to noise is congestion.
When we fly out of Brussels, we often see five, ten or fifteen aircraft queuing on the runway, waiting for permission to take off.
However, the basic and further training of personnel is also crucial, and not only in the control tower and on the aircraft.
If consideration were to be given to providing special training, specifically from the noise and environmental viewpoints, a very great deal could be achieved in this area.
Finally, it is also a question of infrastructure.
We are all aware of the problems with Eurocontrol, and enough is known about the difficulties of dividing air space efficiently between civil and military aircraft.
My final point is that the Sixth Framework Programme for Research and Development is currently being drawn up.
I consider it necessary to press very hard for a solution for the traffic sector in particular.
In this area, we need new approaches in the Sixth Framework Programme.
We know that congestion will be one of the main themes of the next few years.
I believe we need intelligent solutions that will help us guarantee the mobility of the population and, at the same time, get on top of the problems.
Mr President, I should like to apologise for coming in late; this debate has proceeded rather quickly but I have listened to what the Commissioner said elsewhere.
What she said did not appear very clear or precise at all in terms of the situation as it stands.
I find that disappointing.
We gave you a brief in March 2000.
We expect you to stick to the brief or to come back and tell us something different.
We need to know what progress you have made with that brief.
We need to know what you are doing about it.
We need to know what progress has been made on noise emissions, gaseous emissions, and indeed on fuel economy.
Successful negotiation requires preparation and hard work.
We need to know that is being done and we need to hear from you that it is being done.
The projected growth of air traffic demands is clearly an issue that requires action now.
We need you to stick to your brief.
We will be watching very closely.
Let us hope that you can say something further at the end of the debate that will reassure me.
Mr President, if I could echo other colleagues from all parties and indeed national groups who have said that the time for talking is now perilously short.
There is a belief still that the endless expansion of air traffic is an unmitigated good, that everyone gains from it.
They do not.
There are social limits to growth and to how much we can enjoy even something as life expanding and enhancing as travel.
But Europe as a whole suffers problems, particularly those who live around airports who suffer not only noise pollution, but also aircraft emission pollution with consequences for the environment.
We must see the beginning of change.
In the East Midlands of the United Kingdom, where I live, a number of small new airports are coming into being.
Many of them are desperate to compete with 'through-the-night' traffic.
This means air traffic using older aircraft, which are going to stagger on for another few years, if they are allowed to, with few controls on how they operate.
Obviously, that is something on which the Member States can act.
Unless there is a framework for taking older aircraft out of service, we will never have the degree of control we need.
I join with other colleagues who have spoken.
This House does not want the Commissioner to fail, we want her to succeed.
If we are telling her so rather bluntly, it is in a friendly spirit.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let us agree on one first thing: airports are a source of wealth and development.
Otherwise, I wonder how you got here if you did not fly.
This is clear: airports are necessary.
We have to see things fairly.
The second issue is that of the responsibilities of the local authorities.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a question of subsidiarity.
Each country has its own rules and I am not going to tell the countries what they have to do on this issue.
The third issue concerns the hushkits regulation, which was introduced and adopted in 1998 by Parliament together with the Council, unanimously.
Furthermore, to do so in a way which does not lead us to controversy and international dispute as has been the case with the current regulation.
Of course, the Commission, the Community as such, is not part of the International Civil Aviation Organisation but rather it is the Member States who are members.
We have a kind of secondary position in one corner.
That is the current situation.
We will have to wait and see the result.
There is another issue, highlighted by Mr Sterckx, Mrs Lucas and others as well such as Mr Blokland and Mr Hatzidakis and that is the renewal of the fleets.
There are two different aspects to this.
Firstly, thanks to our regulation, we have managed to move things ahead within the ICAO.
