Resumption of the session 
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday   December   and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period 
Although as you will have seen the dreaded millennium bug failed to materialise still the people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that truly were dreadful 
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days during this part session 
In the meantime I should like to observe a minute s silence as a number of Members have requested on behalf of all the victims concerned particularly those of the terrible storms in the various countries of the European Union 
Please rise then for this minute s silence 
 The House rose and observed a minute s silence 
Madam President on a point of order 
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka 
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago 
Would it be appropriate for you Madam President to write a letter to the Sri Lankan President expressing Parliament s regret at his and the other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do everything she possibly can to seek a peaceful reconciliation to a very difficult situation 
Yes Mr Evans I feel an initiative of the type you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate 
If the House agrees I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested 
Madam President on a point of order 
I would like your advice about Rule   concerning inadmissibility 
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again 
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph   that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually 
It says that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability 
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible 
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report not a legislative proposal and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday 
That is precisely the time when you may if you wish raise this question i e on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report 
Madam President coinciding with this year s first part session of the European Parliament a date has been set unfortunately for next Thursday in Texas in America for the execution of a young   year old man who has been sentenced to death We shall call him Mr Hicks 
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld 
Thank you Mr Segni I shall do so gladly 
Indeed it is quite in keeping with the positions this House has always adopted 
Madam President I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest 
It is the case of Alexander Nikitin 
All of us here are pleased that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia too access to environmental information is a constitutional right 
Now however he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing 
These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect the Barents Sea and that is why I would ask you to examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and to make Parliament s position as expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted clear as far as Russia is concerned 
Yes Mrs Schroedter I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter 
Madam President I would firstly like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that during this first part session of the new year the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably 
But Madam President my personal request has not been met 
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese one there is still no Dutch channel which is what I had requested because Dutch people here like to be able to follow the news too when we are sent to this place of exile every month 
I would therefore once more ask you to ensure that we get a Dutch channel as well 
Mrs Plooij van Gorsel I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors meeting on Wednesday 
It will I hope be examined in a positive light 
Madam President can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes 
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected 
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since   
Why has there been no fire drill either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings 
Why are there no fire instructions 
Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident 
Why are no smoking areas not enforced 
It seems absolutely disgraceful that we pass legislation and do not adhere to it ourselves 
Mrs Lynne you are quite right and I shall check whether this has actually not been done 
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on 
Madam President Mrs D ez Gonz lez and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice President Mrs de Palacio which appeared in a Spanish newspaper 
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part session 
I would ask that they reconsider since this is not the case 
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs de Palacio s intervention on another occasion and not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on   November 
Mr Berenguer Fuster we shall check all this 
I admit that at present the matter seems to be somewhat confused 
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be 
Madam President I should like to know if there will be a clear message going out from Parliament this week about our discontent over today s decision refusing to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia considering that the vast majority in this Parliament have endorsed the arms embargo in Indonesia in the past 
Today s decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there 
So Parliament should send a message since that is the wish of the vast majority 
It is irresponsible of EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo 
As people have said the situation there is extremely volatile 
There is in fact a risk of a military coup in the future 
We do not know what is happening 
So why should EU arms producers profit at the expense of innocent people 
In any event this question is not presently included among the requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday 
Agenda 
The next item is the verification of the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of   January pursuant to Rule   of the Rules of Procedure 
No amendments have been proposed relating to Monday and Tuesday 
Relating to Wednesday 
The Group of the Party of European Socialists requests that a Commission statement be included on its strategic objectives for the next five years and on the administrative reform of the Commission 
I would like Mr Bar n Crespo who made the request to speak to propose it That is if he so wishes of course 
Then we shall follow the usual procedure hearing one speaker in favour and one against 
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and therefore basically dictates this Parliament s political and legislative activity for the next five years 
I would also like to point out Madam President that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the previous legislature It did so again during this legislature in July and then in September it voted once more to approve the whole Commission 
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens 
To this end I would like to remind you of the resolution of   September which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible 
The events of last week which originated outside the Conference of Presidents that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere present us with a dilemma Either the Commission is not ready to present this programme in which case it should clarify it 
According to its President it is in a position to do so 
Given that the Commission is represented by Vice President de Palacio I believe that before voting it would help if the Commission could let us know how ready it is to present this programme as agreed Alternatively Parliament is not ready to examine this programme as some appear to be suggesting 
Therefore Madam President I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote 
 Applause from the PSE Group 
Madam President I would like to make it very clear that above all the Commission has absolute respect for the decisions of this Parliament and amongst those the decision establishing its agenda 
We therefore respect whatever Parliament may decide 
Madam President I would like to say that the agreement reached in September distinguished this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission s legislative programme 
I would also like to say that the Commission is prepared and ready to hold this debate whenever it is convenient and that we were ready to do so this week as we had agreed originally on the basis that it would be presented the day before in a speech to parliamentary groups 
I propose that we vote on the request of the Group of the Party of European Socialists that the Commission statement on its strategic objectives should be reinstated 
 Parliament rejected the request President 
Still on the subject of Wednesday s sitting I have another proposal regarding the oral question on capital tax 
The PPE DE Group is requesting that this item be taken off the agenda 
Is there a member who wishes to speak on behalf of this Group to propose this 
Madam President I can hear a ripple of laughter from the Socialists 
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda because at the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter 
I do not know whether this information is correct but the PPE DE Group would in any case be grateful if this item were removed because Parliament has addressed this issue several times already 
Decisions have also been adopted against a tax of this kind 
That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda 
Thank you Mr Poettering 
We shall now hear Mr Wurtz speaking against this request 
Madam President I would firstly like to point out Mr Poettering s lack of logic He has just been preaching to the Group of the Party of European Socialists because they went back on a decision taken in a perfectly clear manner at the Conference of Presidents and now he is doing just the same 
It is not a lot to ask 
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE DE Group s request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda 
 Parliament rejected the request with   votes for   votes against and   abstentions 
Madam President I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate 
Thank you very much 
Madam President has my vote been counted I was unable to vote electronically since I do not have a card 
My vote was in favour 
Madam President the Presidency has already declared the result of the vote 
There is no room for amendments 
Madam President in the earlier vote and I will abide by your ruling on this matter on the question of the strategic plan of the Commission I indicated that I would like to speak in advance of the vote on behalf of my Group 
That did not happen 
I would appreciate it if on the close of this item of business I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group 
This is an important matter 
It would be useful for the record of the House to state how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis 
Madam President I do not wish to reopen the debate but I had also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Bar n Crespo s motion 
You did not call me either 
I regret this but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there 
I am terribly sorry Mr H nsch and Mr Cox I did not see you asking to speak 
Even so I think the positions are quite clear and they shall be entered in the Minutes 
When we adopt the Minutes for today s sitting tomorrow then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments 
This seems to me to be a workable solution 
Of course the Minutes for tomorrow s sitting will take into account any additional explanations 
I think this is a better solution than proceeding now to extremely time consuming explanations of votes 
Mr Cox Mr H nsch would this be acceptable to you 
Madam President if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not and cannot object to that 
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote I accept that but with reservations 
Safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods 
Commissioner Madam President ladies and gentlemen I can be quite frank in saying that I welcome the Council s common position on harmonising the training of safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road rail or inland waterway 
Firstly we needed to take action on a formal level in order to meet the requirements of Directive     EC which obliges the Member States to appoint safety advisers and to organise the training instruction and examination of these people but does not explain this explicitly 
Secondly by adopting this directive we achieve a an increase in safety when dangerous goods are both transported and transhipped b a reduction in distortions of competition resulting from wide variations in national training structures and training costs and c equal opportunities for safety advisers on the European labour market 
Thirdly this directive as it currently stands in the common position guarantees in particular because it confines itself exclusively to minimum standards a high degree of flexibility and modest regulation by the European Union by adopting it we contribute to the Member States bearing a high level of individual responsibility 
All of this is in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity and is therefore to be greatly welcomed 
Our amendments from the first reading have I believe been taken into account very satisfactorily 
They have either been accepted or transposed with no change in the substance or they have been rejected because the corresponding European arrangements have not been included for example a system of penalties for violations of the rules or a complex classification structure for related groups of questions 
The one unanimously adopted amendment of the Committee on Regional Policy and Transport which concerns the timetable for implementing the directive is something which I would urge you to support 
By not setting a specific date for the Member States to implement the directive and instead giving them a period of three months after its entry into force we are introducing a flexibility clause which ensures that the directive will be implemented without delay 
I would urge you to endorse this 
As an Austrian I still have a vivid memory as I believe we all do of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense 
The renovation project which lasted for months cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe 
The traffic which had to be diverted because of this stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit 
In fact all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province 
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft directive is an important step towards well trained safety advisers being available so that the right action is taken in good time 
All the same we must not content ourselves with enacting European law to ensure greater safety 
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and even more importantly we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards 
Please let this not be yet another sector where we subsequently have to lament the lack of enforcement 
I should like to address one final point We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that where transport safety in Europe is concerned there is still much more to be done 
Madam President first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has at its heart the issue of transport safety 
The report looks at the issue of harmonising the examination requirements for safety advisors working in the areas of transportation of dangerous goods by road rail and inland waterway 
I congratulate him on his excellent report 
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament s ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament s other amendments has been retained 
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible 
When it comes to safety my Group will always support any initiatives to improve transport safety 
We still have a lot of work to do in this area as recent events have proved 
Madam President I would like to make a few comments 
I would like first of all to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and secondly the Commission for the proposal it has submitted 
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements but also in fact with minimum requirements 
This is a pity in a sense 
Needless to say safety on roads railways and inland waterways is of key importance and given the international nature of these types of transport training for safety advisors should also be harmonised therefore as well as the requirements of the new ADR for example which is under way 
This is important but so is enforcement and there are of course a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this 
Just think of the road accidents which have occurred over recent years for example in Belgium the Netherlands and a number of other countries where lorries carrying dangerous goods continued to drive in foggy conditions when really they should have pulled off the road instead 
Or ships from Eastern Europe which moor adjacent to ships over here with all the obvious risks that this entails 
Furthermore it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium Finland but also in Japan has shown that   of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment 
In short the issue is an important one 
If we look at the situation where safety advisers are concerned in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as from   January of this year 
There will be major problems with enforcing this rule at present especially with smaller companies as these cannot afford safety advisors 
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo which causes problems 
It is therefore also being requested that ISO   certificates possibly include the finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses 
The work is done All that remains is the business of enforcement 
I would like to mention one final point 
With regard to enforcement proper agreements must also be concluded with the Eastern European countries because they will not enter into treaties which deal with this matter until   July   that is to say in eighteen months time 
This gives them a competitive edge for the interim period 
This is not in itself anything dreadful but we should prioritise particularly the safety aspects for goods transported by road rail and inland waterways and incorporate these as part of the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and present them to the acceding states 
Madam President the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so 
The ever increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks known and unknown for employees and the social environment 
Those having to deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements 
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive     EC seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods 
I am very pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum standards regarding examinations although I would have preferred it if uniform set standards and modules had been established so that certificates would be of equal value internationally 
This however does not seem feasible 
Finally the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can therefore give it my wholehearted support 
Mr President Commissioner I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which though technical are nonetheless of very great significance for safety 
I should like to make just a few comments 
Firstly I should like to ask the Commissioner and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety be it on the roads on the waterways or at sea 
Considering that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal first made on   March   even though Parliament responded relatively quickly this time lag is a little too long 
This is not just the fault of the Commission but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well 
My second point has already been mentioned it concerns the minimum standards 
In principle I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and country specific rules 
However when it comes to safety I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden for example is in principle no different from safety in Germany Italy or Austria 
I can live with these minimum standards but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully 
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation 
My third point has also been mentioned already As you know like Mr Rack I come from a transit country where this issue plays a particularly important role 
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries 
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum in all countries whether they are transit countries or not 
We understand that it is important that the two institutions Parliament and Commission cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy and in particular the transport group is magnificent 
Very briefly I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission s priorities in the field of transport 
As Mr Simpson has said very correctly this is a process which we can never take for granted or regard as having come to an end 
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day 
In this regard I would also like to refer very briefly to the problems of the tunnels which Messrs Rack and Swoboda have referred to which in the case of Austria is doubtless a very sensitive issue and great effort should be made to improve their safety 
In one of the worst accidents to have occurred recently the goods being transported were not dangerous in themselves 
Margarine and a few kilos of paint which in principle do not present risks led to a genuine disaster 
Therefore we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved 
Finally I would like to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport 
This week we will be holding a debate here on the safety of sea transport in light of the Erika disaster and in the course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of the safety of air transport 
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission 
As I will say in the debate on the Erika disaster we do not wait until there is a disaster to deal with the question of safety but we work on it even when there are no such circumstances which simply serve to demonstrate the urgency for an effective response to this type of problem 
A bicycle replica with a clock as the front wheel.
A room with blue walls and a white sink and door.
A car that seems to be parked illegally behind a legally parked car
A large passenger airplane flying through the air.
There is a GOL plane taking off in a partly cloudy sky.
Blue and white color scheme in a small bathroom.
This is a blue and white bathroom with a wall sink and a lifesaver on the wall.
A blue boat themed bathroom with a life preserver on the wall
The bike has a clock as a tire.
two cars parked on the sidewalk on the street
An airplane that is, either, landing or just taking off.
A bathroom with walls that are painted baby blue.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink, and shower.
A long empty, minimal modern skylit home kitchen.
A bathroom sink with toiletries on the counter.
A bathroom sink and various personal hygiene items.
This is an open box containing four cucumbers.
An old-fashioned green station wagon is parked on a shady driveway.
A gas stove next to a stainless steel kitchen sink and countertop.
A black metal bicycle with a clock inside the front wheel.
Several motorcycles riding down the road in formation.
A black cat is inside a white toilet.
City street with parked cars and a bench.
A man in a wheelchair and another sitting on a bench that is overlooking the water.
A man sits with a traditionally decorated cow
Rows of motor bikes and helmets in a city
A cute kitten is sitting in a dish on a table.
A messy bathroom countertop perched atop black cabinetry.
A man getting a drink from a water fountain that is a toilet.
An open food container box with four unknown food items.
An old teal colored car parked on the street.
A person holding a skateboard overlooks a dead field of crops.
A group of motorcycle riders driving past buildings.
A bathroom with a sink and shower curtain with a map print.
A random plane in the sky flying alone
An airplane flying high in the blue sky. 
A brown and black horse in the middle of the city eating grass.
A brown purse is sitting on a green bench.
Half of a white cake with coconuts on top.
An old toilet with a hello kitty cover top. 
Office space with office equipment on desk top.
Two husky's hanging out of the car windows.
The back door with a window in the kitchen.
Jet liner flying off into the distance on an overcast day
A woman is walking a dog in the city.
Cars try to maneuver into parking spaces along a densely packed city street. 
Dogs stick their heads out of car windows
A person sits on a patch of grass observing the scenery.
A tiny bathroom with only a toilet and a shelf.
A little girl in a public bathroom for kids.
A boy drinking water from a toilet water fountain.
A picture of a man playing a violin in a kitchen.
A small and crowded bathroom with little furnishing 
A trio of dogs sitting in their owner's lap in a red convertible.
A small car is parked in front of a scooter
A woman and her dog walking down a sidewalk next to a fence with some flowers. 
A door with a sticker of a cat door on it
A pinewood and green modern themed kitchen area.
A man is playing violin in his kitchen
A kitchen is shown with wooden cabinets and a wooden celling.
A group of people riding mopeds in a busy street. 
A person walking in the rain on the sidewalk. 
A recently remodeled kitchen with marble and wooden furnishings.
a modern flush toilet in a bathroom with tile. 
A small box filled with four green vegetables. 
A classic car sitting beside the road with a surfboard on top. 
Fog is in the air at an intersection with several traffic lights.
Three little dogs looking out a car window while sitting on a woman's lap. 
A young man drinking from a water fountain in the shape of a toilet.
An airplane with its landing wheels out landing. 
Little birds sitting on the shoulder of a giraffe. 
A woman walking her dog on the sidewalk.
a man with a bike at a marina
The top of a giraffe's head has birds on it.
A plane that is taking off at an airport
A man is sitting on a bench next to a bike.
People are waiting for the bus near a bus stop.
The kitchen has a white door with a window.
A kitchen and dining room area with a large window.
four urinals in a public restroom with a window
An red and white airplane is in the cloudy sky.
A black cat drinking water from a toilet
Well kept kitchen with marble counter tops and stainless steel fridge
A hope office setup of computers and printers.
A person walking through the rain with an umbrella.
A small child climbs atop a large motorcycle
A large U.S Air Force plain sits on an asphalt ramp.
A black and white photo of an older man skiing.
A bathroom with four urinals on the wall.
A picture of a modern looking kitchen area
a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor
Two people on the snow for cross country skiing.
Riding a motorcycle down a street that has no one else on it.
A kitchen stove, sink, and counter with stuff on it.
A man is sitting on a bench next to a bicycle.
A crowd of people are waiting to get on a red bus.
A cat drinking water from a toilet in a bathroom.
An intersection during a cold and foggy night.
A person walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
A woman driver has three dogs in the seat with her.
A man takes a picture of an airplane taking off.
The young man is stirring his pot of food with a wooden spoon.
A fighter jet is flying at a fast speed.
A public bathroom with a bunch of urinals.
The airplane is on the runway with two young men standing by.
A beautiful new kitchen with natural wood cabinets.
The woman in the kitchen is holding a huge pan.
A young boy riding a motorcycle next to a silver car.
A toilet sits next to a window and in front of a shower.
A woman walks her dog along a city street.
A little baby is sitting on a huge motorcycle.
An old bathroom with a row of urinals.
A neat, wood filled kitchen is photographed as if for a real estate ad.
A woman and her three dogs in a car.
A small bathroom with a shower curtain with the NYC Subway map on it. 
A bathroom with a map as a shower curtain. 
A couple of cars parked in a busy street sidewalk.
A passenger plane taking off into the sky. 
A kitchen door next to a kitchen sing and counter top.
A dog and a goat with their noses touching at fence.
A narrow kitchen ending with a chrome refrigerator.
A little boy sitting alone on a motorcycle.
A girl standing next to a toilet in a bathroom.
Pedestrians walking down a sidewalk next to a small street.
A chef carrying a large pan inside of a kitchen.
An airplane flying away in a cloudy sky.
A full bathroom with a wicker laundry basket.
Two people sitting on dock looking at the ocean.
A man standing in a kitchen while closing a cupboard door.
A small white cat on a large bowl.
People riding bikes and cars down the street. 
A silver color jet flying through the clear sky.
A row of urinals in with an open window above them.
The coconut cake on a red plate is half gone.
A toilet and trashcan in a white bathroom.
A man stands next to his bike at the marina.
Two older people sitting down in front of a beach.
an old man standing next to a bike and a chain fence.
A bathroom with pedestal sink and mirror over it.
A photograph of a kitchen inside a house.
a bike leaning on a metal fence next to some flowing water. 
A young person has his face close to the toilet bowl.
A plane that is flying in a clear blue sky.
A person holding a skate board sitting in an empty open field.
a brown purse abandoned on a green bench.
Empty fog covered streets in the night amongst traffic lights.
a small toilet stall with a toilet brush and 3 rolls of toilet paper 
A half eaten dessert cake sitting on a cake plate.
A dual sink vanity with mirrors above the sinks.
A man taking a drink from a water fountain.
The old man cross country skis through the forest.
A large propeller airplane sitting on a tarmac.
A lot of motorbikes line up down a busy street.
Three birds sit on the back of a giraffe. 
A fireplace with a fire built in it.
A giraffe with 3 birds on his fur.
An old couple at the beach during the day.
The sign of a restaurant in the outside of the store.
A decorative man sits on the ground with a cow.
A sign on a building advertising an Italian restaurant.
A toilet with a Hello Kitty symbol on it.
A picture of a woman hangs on the wall above the urinals.
A man sits on a street bench by a bike. 
A crowd of people get ready to board a bus in the city.
A man holding some break standing by a bicycle.
Small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.
A row of urinals stand beneath a open window.
A white toilet sits on a tile floor.
an airport with one plane flying away and the other sitting on the runway
a counter with vegetables, knife and cutting board on it. 
A boat that looks like a car moves through the water. 
A car modified to drive in the water on a lake.
A delivery truck with an advertisement for Entourage.
A black and white toilet with a plunger.
A narrow kitchen is decorated in shades of white, gray, and black.
A younger man and an older man skiing in the forest.
A bike leaning against a sign in Scotland.
A bike in front of a scenic welcome sign. 
A green kitchen with wooden counters and bright lights. 
A kitchen with a stove, sink, and drying area. 
A small kitten is sitting in a bowl. 
An opened box of four chocolate bananas. 
An old green car parked on the side of the street.
A toddler sitting on a motorcycle in a parking lot.
jumbo jet sits on the tarmac while another takes off
asparragus, lemons and a bowl of rice on a counter top
A cat puts her head inside of a toilet. 
A large van features an ad for a television show.
A toilet has a rug, and a plunger next to it.
A large jet takes off from an airport runway.
A person on a bench, and one on a wheelchair sitting by a seawall looking out toward the ocean
Women father around a desk and machinery in a factory.
Three dogs on the lap of a woman in the driver's seat of a convertible.
The view from a motorcyclist's point of view, looking down a street.
A car modified to be a boat on the water.
A few items sit on top of a toilet in a bathroom stall.
A sign for an Italian restaurant hangs outside a building.
A man rides a motorcycle down an empty street next to houses.
A bathroom with a poster of an ugly face above the toilette.
A long marble like bath room vanity with a stool, two sink basins with mirrors and lights over them
